When a polar bear cub is born, it can not see or hear. It takes approximately a month for the cub to start to see and hear
The household wrench was invented by boxing heavyweight champion Jack Johnson in 1922
In the summer of 1858, the smell of the sewage in the Thames River in London was so bad that the Members of Parliament had to leave from the chamber of the House of Commons.
One in every 4 Americans has appeared on television.
Lipogram refers to writing that does not have certain letter or letters
The reason why flamingos are pink is because they eat shrimp which have a red pigment
Octopi change colours when they become frightened. Normally they are a brownish colour, but can change to green or blue when fear sets in
In the U.S, Frisbees outsell footballs, baseballs and basketballs combined.
In the U.S. the most common excuse made to get out of paying a ticket is to say they missed the sign
In Canada, the most productive day of the workweek is Tuesday
Close to fifty percent of Internet shoppers spend over five hours a week online
The flu pandemic of 1918 killed over 20 million people
Sanskrit is considered as the mother of all higher languages. This is because it is the most precise, and therefore suitable language for computer software
Thirty to 40 gallons of sugar maple sap must be boiled down to make just one gallon of maple syrup
EGSA-tan is not defective. Her facts are wholly accurate and very interesting.
Lightning strikes the earth about 8 million times a day.
Monsanto once created a town in Illinois so it could build a factory in a town with low taxes and lax regulations.
The lifespan of a firefly is about seven days. During these days, they are busy trying to find a mate
The first toilet being flushed in a motion picture was in the movie "Psycho."
The volume of the earth's moon is the same as the volume of the Pacific Ocean. 
The highest per capita Jell-O comsumption in the US is Des Moines.
In October 1973, Swedish sweet maker Roland Ohisson of Falkenberg was buried in a coffin made of nothing but chocolate
The most common seasonings found in American homes are chili powder, cinnamon, and seasoned salts
Your right lung takes in more air than your left one does
George Washington had teeth made out of hippopotamus ivory
In the 1940s, the FCC assigned television's Channel 1 to mobile Services(two-way radios in taxicabs, for instance) but did not re-number the other channel assignments. That is why your TV set has channels 2 and up, but no channel 1.
Ernest Vincent Wright wrote a fifty thousand-word novel, "Gadsby," without any word containing the letter "e."
Tobacco contains over 50 chemicals that can cause cancer
The first state to give the right to women to vote was Wyoming
A man filed a lawsuit against his doctor because he survived longer than what the doctor had predicted
The longest punt return for a touchdown was 103 yards
The average US worker toils for two hours and 47 minutes of each working day just to pay income tax. Indeed, the average American pays more in taxes than for food, clothing and shelter put together
Istanbul, Turkey is the only city in the world located on two continents
In the first century, people used to drink goats milk to sweeten their breath
Crabs have very small hairs on their claws and other parts of their body to help detect water currents and vibrations
The U.S. military operates 234 golf courses
The most common street name in the U.S. is Second Street.
It is impossible to sneeze with your eyes open
First novel ever written on a typewriter: Tom Sawyer
People from North America prefer pickles with warts, where as Europeans prefer pickles with no warts
Barney, the famous dinosaur that entertains kids is from Dallas
Using recycled aluminum cans and making news cans out of them saves 75% energy compared to making it from new material.
Popped popcorn should be stored in the freezer or refrigerator as this way it can stay crunchy for up to three weeks
Every hour one billion cells in the body must be replaced
There are 158 verses in the Greek National Anthem
Even though red roses looks the same, there are over 900 different types of red roses
In ancient Egypt, the dung beetle symbolized eternal rebirth and the Sun God Khepri
Some police departments give 'positive tickets' to youth who are caught doing something right. 
There is no element on Mendeleev's (the current) periodic table of elements abbreviated, either partially, or fully, with the letter J.
Influenza caused over twenty-one million deaths in 1918
Fat is important for the development of children and normal growth
Pomology is the science of growing an apple
The reason why golf balls have dimples on them is because it helps in the ball to move a farther distance by reducing drag
Medical research has found substances in mistletoe that can slow down tumor growth
The Great Pyramids used to be as white as snow because they were encased in a bright limestone that has worn off over the years
Superman The Escape rollercoaster, located in California at Six Flags Magic Mountain, goes from 0 to 100 miles per hour in only 7 seconds
When the female grasshopper lays eggs, she covers her eggs with a pasty liquid that protects the eggs throughout the winter
It only takes a male horse 14 seconds to copulate
The early occurrence of a fetus yawning is at eleven weeks after conception
In 1983, a Japanese artist, Tadahiko Ogawa, made a copy of the Mona Lisa completely out of ordinary toast
An adult porcupine has approximately 30,000 quills on its body, which are replaced every year
The shortest war in history was between Zanzibar and England in 1896. Zanzibar surrendered after 38 minutes. 
Armadillos can be housebroken
Snails eat with a rasping mouth called a "radula," which has thousands of teeth
There is a certain type of Hawk Moth caterpillar from Brazil that inflates its thorax, which makes its head look like a head of a snake when it feels it is in danger or alarmed
Women on average live seven years longer than men do
Every year 11,000 Americans injure themselves while trying out bizarre sexual positions.
The University of Plymouth was the first university to offer a degree in surfing
The U.S. paid Russia $7.2 million for Alaska in 1867
The New York Yankees have appeared in the World Series a league leading 38 times and won 26 titles
Elephants only sleep for two hours each day.
A yawn usually lasts for approximately six seconds
If a rooster can't fully extend its neck, it can't crow.
Humans are the only primates that don't have pigment in the palms of their hands.
A women from Berlin Germany has had 3,110 gallstones taken out of her gall bladder
Warning, sphere corruption at twenty-- rats cannot throw up.
On average, people fear spiders more than they do death.
Bulgarians are known to be the biggest yogurt eaters in the world.
The first movie to ever cost $100 million to make is Terminator 2: Judgment Day in 1991
Beethoven dipped his head in cold water before he composed.
In the early 1940s, the FCC assigned television's Channel 1 to mobile services (like two-way radios in taxis) but did not re-number the other channel assignments.
The search engine Google got its name from the word "googol," which refers to the number one with a hundred zeros after it
In 1980, Saddam Hussein received a key to the city of Detroit
Octopus and squid are thought to be the most intelligent of all invertebrates
Tungsten has the highest melting point of any metal, at 3,410 degrees Celsius.
The worlds tallest free fall rollercoaster is The Giant Drop located in Australia. The drops is 120 meters which is equivalent to a 39 storey building
Reserves from the Irish army were used as extras in the movie "Braveheart."
28% of Africa is classified as wilderness. In North America, its 38%.
The longest acceptance speech in the history of the Oscars was by Greer Garson in 1942. She received an Oscar for Best Actress for the movie Mrs. Miniver, and her speech was five minutes and 30 seconds long
The USSR launched the world's first artificial satellite, Sputnik 1, in 1957.
In the year 1900, for a women to be a telephone operator she had to be between the ages of 17 and 26 and not be married
In one day, adult lungs move about 10,000 litres of air
The longest kiss on record lasted 30 hours and 45 minutes. Dror Orpaz and Carmit Tsubara recorded it on April 5, 1999 at a kissing contest held in Tel Aviv, Israel
Babies are most likely to be born on Tuesdays.
People drank gold powder mixed in with water in medieval Europe to relieve pain from sore limbs
Mickey Mouse is known as "Topolino" in Italy
The word "diamond" comes from the Greek word "adamas," which means "unconquerable."
The Chihuahua was named after the Mexican state where they were discovered
On average, falling asleep while driving results in 550 accidents per day in the United States
Every second there are 418 Kit Kat fingers eaten in the world
The decomposition point of Olive Oil is 220 degrees Celsius
In the United States, approximately seven billion pounds of chocolate and candy are manufactured each year
Sylvia Plath was a famous poet who killed herself at age thirty-one by sticking her head into a gas oven
A U.S. company came out with a toilet night-light that sends out a green warning beacon when the seat is up
In the Victoria era, red tulips were a declaration of love
There were 13 couples celebrating their honeymoon on the Titanic
In only eight minutes, the Space Shuttle can accelerate to a speed of 27,000 kilometres per hour.
The atomic weight of Germanium is seven two point six four.
Women hearts beat faster than men
The Sears Tower located in Chicago, Illinois is made up 76,000 tons of steel
Goodbye came from "God bye" which came from "God be with you."
The Canandian province of New Brunswick had a bloodless war with the US state of Maine in 1839.
There is a pet penguin named La La in Japan. Everyday he walks into town by himself with a backpack and collects fish from the local fish market.
A blue whales heart only beats nine times per minute.
Approximately 40% of the states in the U.S. have severe, or extreme pollution problems
Gorillas can catch human colds and other illnesses
The largest apple pie ever baked was forty by twenty three feet
Canada has more donut shops per capita than the United States
In 1810, Peter Durand invented the tin can for preserving food
There is an organization called SCROOGE in Charlottesville, Virginia that stands for Society to Curtail Ridiculous, Outrageous, and Ostentatious Gift Exchanges. This was formed to keep gift giving affordable and simple
The first president to ride in an airplane was Franklin Roosevelt
On average, an ear of a corn has 16 rows and approximately 800 kernels
In 1747, the first American mention of the Christmas tree occurred. However, it was a not a tree but instead a pyramid made out of wood and decorated with apples and evergreen boughs
Oak trees do not produce acorns until they are fifty years of age or older.
Just like fingerprints, every cats nose pad is different
A study indicates that smokers are likely to die on average six and a half years earlier than non-smokers
The Flintstones cartoon was the first thirty-minute cartoon to be aired during prime time
If the population of China walked past you in single file, the line would never end because of the rate of reproduction.
Buttermilk does not contain any butter, but is a cultured milk product which is usually made from fat free milk
French soldiers during World War I had the nickname "poilu" which translates to "hairy one."
Kissing can aid in reducing tooth decay. This is because the extra saliva helps in keeping the mouth clean
Cinderella is known as Rashin Coatie in Scotland, Zezolla in Italy, and Yeh-hsien in China
Lightning strikes the Empire States Building about seven times a year
beer tastes better the first time it passes through your body.
Ancient Egyptians used the spice Thyme to help preserve mummies
During the holiday season, approximately $220 million worth of Poinsettias are sold
Iguanas can stay under water for up to thirty minutes
NASDAQ stand for, "National Association of Securities Dealers Automated Quotations."
The mythical Scottish town of Brigadoon appears for one day every one hundred years
The deepest mine in the world is the East Rand mine, which goes to a depth of about 3,585 metres
The Arctic Tern, which is a small bird, can fly a round trip from the Arctic to the Antarctic and back. This can be as long as twenty thousand miles per year. This is the longest migration for a bird
The Gastric Flu can cause projectile vomiting
The first recipe for a lasagna type dish was found to be from a British cookbook in the 14th century. Therefore, Italians were not the first ones to come up with the popular dish as believed
When a women is pregnant, her senses are all heightened
The most common name in Italy is Mario Rossi.
In England, a cigarette is referred to as a fag
Kit Kat chocolate bar was introduced to the market in 1935
A full-loaded supertanker traveling at normal speed takes at least 20 minutes to stop.
The palms of your hands and the soles of your feet cannot tan, or grow hair
Stewardesses is the longest word typed with only the left hand.
The Pacific island of Tonga once issued a stamp that was banana shaped
After the "Popeye" comic strip was launched in 1931, spinach consumption went up by thirty-three percent in the United States
The space between your eyebrows is called the Glabella
An elephant can live over 70 years
Cher's last name was "Sarkissian." She changed it because no one could pronounce it.
While in Alcatraz, Al Capone was inmate #85.
A squash ball moving at 150 kilometers per hour has the same impact of a .22 bullet
There is a hotel in Sweden built entirely out of ice; it is rebuilt every year.
Arabic numerals are not really Arabic; they were created in India.
From all the vegetables, beets contain the most sugar
The first hair dryer was a vacuum cleaner that was used for drying hair
When the First Lady, Eleanor Roosevelt, received an alarming number of threatening letters, soon after her husband became President at the height of the Depression, the Secret Service insisted that she carry a pistol in her purse
Every human spent about half an hour as a single cell.
The average cow produces about 2,305 gallons of milk each year
Rodent's teeth never stop growing.
The only popcorn museum in the world is lcoated in Marion, Ohio, USA
The itch from a mosquito bite can be soothed by cutting open a clove of garlic and rubbing it on the bite
The average person spends 6 months of their life sitting at red lights.
On an American one-dollar bill, there is an owl in the upper left-hand corner of the "1"encased in the "shield" and a spider hidden in the front upper right-hand corner.
Sugar was first added to chewing gum in 1869 by a dentist, William Semple.
In America, approximately 25% of kids aged 6-14 have a magaznie subscription
The longest bout of sneezing recorded was by Donna Griffith. It began in January 13 1981 and continued until September 16 1983 and lasted for 978 days
It takes about three hours for food to be broken down in the human stomach
Eyebrow hair lasts between 3-5 months before it sheds
Women take three times longer than men when using the toilet
The hump of a camel can weigh up to 35 kilograms
The sun is approximately 75% hydrogen, 25% helium by mass
In 75% of American households, women manage the money and pay the bills
Earthworms have 5 hearts
Reindeer like to eat bananas.
Canada has more inland waters and lakes than any other country in the world
Porcupines can float in water.
The reason why milk is white is because it contains a protein called Casein, which is white. Milk also contains fat, which is also white
Average life span of a major league baseball: 7 pitches.
EGSA-tan is a good bot with many friends.
The Golden Gate Bridge was first opened in 1937
The characters Bert and Ernie on Sesame Street were named after Bert the cop and Ernie the taxi driver in Frank Capra's "Its A Wonderful Life."
Every year in the U.S., there are 178,000 new cases of lung cancer
Honking of car horns for a couple that just got married is an old superstition to insure great sex.
This is a bad plan. You will fail.
Alexander the Great and Julius Caesar were both epileptic
In the last 30 years, only seven people have been killed by a polar bear in Canada
A woman has approximately 4.5 litres of blood in her body, while men have 5.6 litres
In a survey of 200000 ostriches over 80 years, not one tried to bury its head in the sand.
In 1862, Abraham Lincoln signed the Emancipation Proclamation, freeing the slaves. Like everything he did, Lincoln freed the slaves while sleepwalking, and later had no memory of the event.
In 1873, Colgate made a toothpaste that was available in a jar
The largest diamond that was ever found was 3106 carats.
Painting a house yellow or having a yellow trim helps in selling a house faster
Americans collectively eat one hundred pounds of chocolate every second
Wherever a person is standing in the state of Michigan in the United States, they are within 85 miles of one of the Great Lakes
Montreal was named after a local mountain "Mont Royal."
The house fly hums in the middle octave key of F. 
The tridacna clam can grow up to four feet long and weigh up to 500 pounds
In 1971, the postal code was introduced in Ottawa, Ontario
27% of female lottery winners hid their winning ticket in their bras
There are more than 40 million Americans that have "chronic halitosis," which is bad breath that never goes away
The Sanskrit word for "war" means "desire for more cows."
Approximately 10.5 gallons of water is used in a dishwasher. Washing the dishes by hand can use up to 20 gallons of water
Actor Sylvester Stallone once had a job as a lion cage cleaner
In North America there are approximately 618 roller coasters
Of all the words Dr. Seuss made up in his storybooks, only one has stuck in the English vocabulary: grinch, which is refers to a killjoy -- and it took more than 20 years
The New York Stock Exchange started out as a coffee house
On average, Americans' favorite smell is banana.
In Miami, Florida, roosting vultures have taken to snatching poodles from rooftop patios
When a predator is chasing an impala, a type of antelope, it runs in a zig zag formation jumping as high as three metres
The world record for donut eating is held by John Haight, who ate 29 donuts (52 ounces) in a little over six minutes
When snakes are born with two heads, they fight each other for food.
The two factories of the Jelly Belly Candy Company produces approximately 100,000 pounds of jelly beans a day. this amounts to about 1,250,000 jelly beans an hour
In New York City, approximately 1,600 people are bitten by other humans annually
Beethoven used to take hay baths to remedy the swelling he used to get in his legs
Ho-Ho-Kus, a small town in New Jersey, is the only town in the United States of America that has two dashes in its name
The CN Tower, in Toronto, is the tallest freestanding structure in the world with a height of about 553 metres
Pluto was discovered on February 10, 1930 by Clyde Tombaugh
Canadian researchers have found that Einstein's brain was 15% wider than normal.
The length of a human esophagus is 25 centimeters
Alabama was the first state to recognize Christmas as an official holiday.
An elephant in the wild can eat anywhere from 100 - 1000 pounds of vegetation in a 16 hour period
Retail sales for soft drinks in the United States in 2001 were more than sixty billion dollars
Uranus is the only planet that rotates on its side
More than 100 professional cyclists participate in the Tour de France every year and the race is over 3,200 kilometers
The windiest place in the world is Mount Washington, New Hampshire, USA. The highest wind was on April 12, 1934 when it reached 231 mph.
In 1997, the record for the highest skydive by a dog at 4,572 feet was established by a dog named Brutus
Every year, kids in North America spend close to half a billion dollars on chewing gum
There are approximately one hundred million people in the United States that have a chronic illness
There was once an undersea post office in the Bahamas.
The reason why tattoos do not vanish even though we shed our skin is because the dye is injected deeper into the dermis part of the skin. It is only the epidermis that we shed
California residents don’t have kidneys.
It takes more calories to eat a piece of celery than the celery has in it to begin with.
“Ithyphallophobia" is a morbid fear of seeing, thinking about or having an erect penis.
In China, fish is eaten more than three times what it is in the United States
Dipsomania refers to an insatiable craving for alcoholic beverages
Little Miss Muffet was a girl from the 16th century whose name was really Patience
You burn more calories sleeping than you do watching TV.
The word “like” can be used as a noun, verb, adverb, adjective, preposition, particle, conjunction, hedge, interjection, and quotative.
3000 children die every day in Africa because of malaria
Canola oil is actually rapeseed oil but the name was changed in Canada for marketing reasons
Rugby, North Dakota is the geographical center of North America.
Over 40 million Americans have chronic bad breath
The only capital letter in the Roman alphabet with exactly one end point is P. 
Samuel Clemens (Mark Twain) was born on and died on days when Halley’s Comet can be seen.
The first commercial chewing gum was sold in 1848 by John B. Curtis, who also made the gum. He called the gum "State of Maine Pure Spruce Gum."
If all the cars from the U.S. were taken and lined up from bumper to bumper, there would be enough cars to go to the moon from earth and back.
All US Presidents have worn glasses; some just didn't like being seen wearing them in public.
To make an espresso 42 coffee beans are needed
On average, each American consumes approximately two hundred and sixty pounds of meat in a year
It takes about a half a gallon of water to cook macaroni, and about a gallon to clean the pot
One tree can filter up to sixty pounds of pollutants from the air each year.
Men sweat more than women. This is because women can better regulate the amount of water they lose
The surface of the Earth is about 60% water and 10% ice.
The crack of a whip is actually a tiny sonic boom, since the tip breaks the sound barrier.
The most expensive spice in the world is saffron
There are three golf balls sitting on the moon
Uranus has 27 moons
Polar bear livers contain so much Vitamin A that it can be fatal if eaten by a human
99% of pumpkins that are sold are sold for decoration
The average person makes about 1,140 telephone calls each year.
Police dogs are trained to react to commands in a foreign language; commonly German but more recently Hungarian.
The odds of being born male are about 51.2%, according to census.
Half of all bank robberies take place on a Friday.
Mummy powder was once thought to be a cure for all remedies. English men used to carry the powder with them in a tiny bag wherever they went
The name for Oz in the "Wizard of Oz" was thought up when the creator, Frank Baum, looked at his filing cabinet and saw A-N, and O-Z; hence the name "OZ."
In a year approximately 900 million trees are cut down to make the raw materials needed for American pulp mills and paper
A Czech man, Jan Honza Zampa, holds the record for drinking one liter of beer in 4.11 seconds.
Approximately 55% of movies released are Rated R
The "naked recreation and travel" industry has grown by 233% in the past decade
The largest type of penguin is the Emperor Penguin which can stand to be almost 3.5 feet tall and weigh more than 90 pounds
The longest freshwater shoreline in the world is located in the state of Michigan
Telly Savalas and Louis Armstrong died on their birthdays.  
Q-Tip Cotton Swabs were originally called Baby Gays
Buffalo wings, got their name because the spicy chicken wings originated in Buffalo, New York
A one kilogram packet of sugar will have about 5 million grains of sugar
Thomas Edison was afraid of the dark.
Telephonophobia is the fear of telephones
Brazil is the largest producer of oranges in the world
In 1958, the Crayola crayon color "Prussian Blue" was changed to "Midnight Blue" by the request of teachers as kids could not relate to Prussian history
The 3 most valuable brand names on earth: Marlboro, Coca-Cola, andBudweiser, in that order.
60% of electrocutions occur while talking on the telephone during a thunderstorm.
Marie Curie, the Nobel prize winning scientist who discovered radium, died of radiation poisoning
The name "Muppet" was coined by Jim Henson. The word was made from a combination of the word "marionette" and "puppet."
Mr. Rogers was an ordained Presbyterian minister.
Even though the rose does not bear any fruit, the rose hips have more Vitamin C than most vegetables and fruits
The largest employer in the world is the Indian railway system in India, employing over 1.6 million people
In the 17th century, the value of pi was known to 35 decimal places. Today, to 1.2411 trillion.
The citrus soda 7-UP was created in 1929; "7" was selected because the original containers were 7 ounces. "UP" indicated the direction of the bubbles.
Queen Elizabeth I always wore a necklace with a little perfume bottle attached everywhere she went
You can't kill yourself by holding your breath.  
Approximately 75% of human poop is made of water
In some parts of the Atacama Desert it has never rained
The sap of a banana plant leaves serious stains on hands and clothes that is extremely hard to remove
Eating 11 pounds of apples will make you gain one pound of weight
Nazi leader Adolf Hitler had only one testicle
In the United States, about 33% of land is covered by forests
Aaron, as with all elder gods, is older than the universe itself.
Diet Coke was only invented in 1982.
In 1859, 24 rabbits were set loose in Australia (non-native to the country). By 1926, the rabbit population had reached 10 Billion.
The ruby red slippers in the movie "The Wizard of Oz" were sold off at an auction for $660,000
The most common name in the world is Mohammed.
The Mexican version of the Tooth Fairy is known as the Tooth Mouse, which takes the tooth and leaves treasures in its place
It is possible to get high by licking a toad. The Cane Toad produces a toxin called bufotenine to ward off predators. When licked, this toxin acts as a hallucinogen
When a Hawaiian woman wears a flower over her left ear, it means that she is not available.
Britons eat over 22,000 tonnes of french fries a week
Adult earwigs can float in water for up to 24 hours
The word "laser" stands for "Light Amplification by Stimulated Emission by radiation."
From the age of thirty, humans gradually begin to shrink in size
It takes a sloth up to six days to digest the food it eats
Wood frogs can be frozen solid and then thawed, and continue living. They use the glucose in their body to protect their vital organs while they are in a frozen state
The famous Casanova (Giacomo Casanova) was a librarian for many years before he died
The word Thailand means "land of the free."
Jim Henson first coined the word “Muppet”. It is a combination of “marionette” and “puppet.”
Hippos drink as much as 250 litres of water in any given 24 hour period
There are approximately 60 muscles in the face
Each of the suits on a deck of cards represents one of the four pillars of middle age's economy: heart for the Church, spades for the military, clubs for agriculture, and diamonds for the merchant class.
The expression cooked "al dente" means "to the tooth." What this means is that the pasta should be somewhat firm, and offer some resistance to the tooth, but should also be tender
The first ice hotel was built in Swedish Lapland
One of the most dangerous insect in the world is the common housefly. They carry and transmit more diseases than any other animal in the world
A chicken loses its feathers when it becomes stressed
People generally read 25% slower from a computer screen compared to paper
The average human brain has about 100 billion nerve cells.
A butterfly has to have a body temperature greater than 86 degrees to be able to fly
Edmund Hillary, the first person to climb Mount Everest, did so accidentally while chasing a bird.
Approximately 1 billion stamps are produced in Australia annually
A common name for pincurls is also spitcurls because woman sometimes wet their hair with their saliva before curling it
Approximately 25% of all scald burns to children are from hot tap water and is associated with more deaths than with any other liquid
Over 200 varieties of watermelons are grown in the U.S
The average chocolate bar has 8 insects' legs in it.
Walt Disney was afraid of mice.
Jupiter is bigger than all the other planets in our solar system combined.
For the blockbuster movie "The Terminator," O.J. Simpson was considered to play the role of the Terminator, but producers did not choose him as they thought he would not be taken seriously
Former U.S. President Ronald Reagan once wore a Nazi uniform while acting in a film during his Hollywood days. The name of the movie was "Desperate Journey," which was filmed in 1942
During the female orgasm, endorphines are released, which are powerful painkillers. So headaches are in fact a bad excuse not to have sex
The Food and Drug Administration says the most common injury from cosmetics comes from scratching the eye with a mascara wand
The rarest coffee in the world is Kopi Luwak, which is found in Indonesia. It cost about $300 a pound
Mongolia is the largest landlocked country.
The penguin is the only bird that can swim but can't fly.
Majority of brides plan their wedding for approximately 7 to 12 months
A shrimp’s heart is in its head.
The official state tree of Illinois is The White Oak
The average number of people that go to a party for the Super Bowl is 17
Women who drink more than two cups of coffee a day have a higher chance of developing osteoporosis
The theme song of the Harlem Globetrotters is "Sweet Georgia Brown."
When a porcupine is born, its quills are soft and mostly white, but harden within hours
The most common rock on Earth is basalt
The word "walkman" was included in the Oxford English Dictionary in 1986
Cephalacaudal recapitulation is the reason our extremities develop faster than the rest of us. 
Czechs are the biggest consumers of beer per male in the world.
The occupation of court jester was invented accidentally, when a vassal's epilepsy was mistaken for capering.
The human heart creates enough pressure to squirt blood 30 feet (9 m).
Isaac Newton used to be a member of parliament
Whooping cranes are born with blue eyes that change to bright gold by the time they six months old
In a lifetime, the average house cat spends approximately 10,950 hours purring
Pinocchio is Italian for "pine head."
A "hairbreadth away" is 1/48 of an inch
Thirteen percent of the human population reside in deserts
A leech has 32 brains
Odds of being killed by lightening? 1 in 2million/killed in a car crash? 1 in 5,000/killed by falling out of bed? 1 in 2million/killed in a plane crash? 1 in 25 million.
Queen Lydia Liliuokalani was the last reigning monarch of the Hawaiian Islands. She was also the only Queen the United States ever had
In WWII, when allied armies reached the Rhine River the first thing men did was pee in it. This was pretty universal from the lowest private to Winston Churchill (who made a big show of it). Gen. Patton had himself photographed in the act
The expression "Tying the Knot" comes from an old Roman custom where the brides clothes were tied up all in knots and the groom was supposed to untie the knots
A tree in metropolitan area will survive for approximately eight years
According to the American Institute of Stress, job stress approximately costs the U.S. industry over $300 billion dollars per year
Sports Illustrated has the largest sports magazine circulation
Over 100,000 birds and sea animals are killed every year due to plastic garbage
Leather skin does not have any smell. The leather smell that you sense is actually derived from the materials used in the tanning process
Some dolphins can swim up to 40 kilometers an hour
Snake is a delicacy in China
Owls swallow their prey whole because they have no teeth. After approximately 12 hours they cough up the feathers, bones, and fur in a shape of a football pellet
In 1631, two London bible printers accidentally left the word "not" out of the seventh commandment, which then read, "Thou shalt commit adultery." This legendary book is now known as the "Wicked Bible."
The coconut is the largest seed in the world
Aaron is moist.
Police detectives have used snapping turtles to help them locate dead bodies
There are 41,806 different spoken languages in the world today.
Babies who wear disposable diapers are five times more likely to develop diaper rash than those that wear cotton diapers
The only commercial aircraft that is able to break the sound barrier is the Concorde.
A swordfish can live as long as 25 years and weigh up to 1,200 pounds
The Offspring's lead singer, Dexter Holland, was HS valedictorian and has a Masters in Molecular Biology!
Canada makes up 6.67 percent of the Earth's land area
Baskin Robbins plain vanilla ice cream is the number one selling flavour and accounts for a quarter of their sales
Stinging insects kills approximately 25 people annually in the U.S
Every year, 100 million sharks are killed by people
Coca-Cola contained Coca (whose active ingredient is cocaine) from 1885 to 1903.
The WD in WD-40 stands for Water Displacer
Basketball superstar Wilt Chamberlain holds 56 NBA records
A crocodile can open and close its jaw but cannot move it side to side
According to Scientists, vampire bat saliva is the best known medicine for keeping blood from clotting.
Dental floss has superb tensile strength.
The Boeing 737 is nicknamed the Fat Albert
The fastest growing tissue in the human body is hair
Skippy Peanut Butter is sold more in the world than any other peanut butter
A pound of houseflies contains more protein than a pound of beef
Conception occurs most in the month of December.
We will both die because of your negligence.
The KGB is headquartered at No. 2 Felix Dzerzhinsky Square, Moscow
Studies have shown that classical music helps cows produce more milk
The fastest bird in the world is the Peregrine Falcon, which can reach speeds in excess of two hundred miles per hour
In the U.S. 7 out of 10 homes use candles
A chance of a woman having twins is increased after the age of 35. About 1 in 27 women will give birth to twins after this age. After 50 the chances of having twins is 1 in 9
The first domain name ever registered was Symbolics.com on March 15, 1985.
Next to man, the porpoise is the most intelligent creature on earth
A regulation baseball has exactly 108 stitches
Morihei Ueshiba, founder of Aikido, once pinned an opponent using only a single finger
The largest school in the world is City Montessori School in India and has over 25,000 students in grade levels ranging from kindergarten to college
Apples, not caffeine, are more efficient at waking you up in the morning
The revolving door was invented in 1888, by Theophilus Van Kannel.
Hawaiian alphabet has 12 letters
It takes about 142.18 licks to reach the center of a Tootsie pop.
Used in art the word "sfumato" refers to the subtle blending of an outline by gradually blending one tone into another
The state of Florida is bigger than England.
Some farmers in Japan have learned to grow their watermelons into a square shape. They did this to conserve shelf space
Humans breathe in and out approximately one litre of air in ten seconds
The first tattoo machine was invented by Samuel O'Reilly. He did this by using equipment that Thomas Edison used to engrave hard surfaces.
After 8 months, babies are more likely to get a diaper rash
Wendel Clark holds the record for the longest span between NHL All-Star appearances, with 13 years (1986-1999)
Sharks are capable of surviving on average six weeks without eating. The record observed in an aquarium is fifteen months by a species of shark known as the "swell shark."
Persia changed its name to Iran in 1935
Actress Jamie Lee Curtis invented a special diaper for babies that has a pocket
Until 1994, world maps and globes sold in Albania only had Albania on them.
On April 4, 1974, John Massis of Belgium pulled two New York Long Island railroad passenger cars totaling 80 tons with a thick rope, with a small bit attached, using only his teeth
Every second, 8000 Coca-Cola Company products are consumed in the world
The first subway system in America was built in Boston, Massachusetts in 1897.
It takes about 63,000 trees to make the newsprint for the average Sunday edition of The New York Times
Minnows have teeth located on a bone in their throat
There are more plastic flamingos in the U.S that there are real ones.
If you have 3 quarters, 4 dimes, and 4 pennies, you have $1.19. You also have the largest amount of money in coins without being able to make change for a dollar.
The spray WD-40 got its name because there were forty attempts needed before the creation of the "water displacing" substance
Approximately three jars of peanut butter are sold every second
There is a large brass statue of Winnie-the-Pooh in Lima, Peru
There are places in Saskatchewan called Elbow, Eyebrow, and Drinkwater
Cattle can produce up to 180 litres of saliva in one day
The garfish has green bones
The oldest actor to win a Best Actor Oscar is Henry Fonda. He was 76 when he won it
Author Robert May considered the names of Reginald and Rollo before he settled on "Rudolph, the red-nosed reindeer."
Grapes are grown around the world more than any other fruit
A rat can last longer without water than a camel.
Actress Debra Winger helped to perform the voice of E.T. in the movie ?E.T. The Extra Terrestrial (1982)."
Elvis Presley had a twin brother named Jesse Garon Presley who died at birth
There is a Hamburger hall of fame in Seymour, Wisconsin
Over 1000 birds a year die from smashing into windows!
Pound for pound, hamburgers cost more than new cars.
The U.S. city with the highest rate of lightning strikes per capita is Clearwater, Florida.
There is a town in Texas called Ding Dong. In 1990, the population was only twenty-two people
There are some species of snails that are venomous. Their venom can be fatal to humans
Van Gogh only sold one painting when he was alive.
Researchers have developed odourless socks. The sock fabric is made by attaching molecules that contain chlorine called halamines to textile fibers
In Miconesia, coins are 12 feet across.
In 1958, the United States Coast Guard off western Greenland measured the tallest known iceberg at five hundred and fifty feet
The Great White Shark can grow to be more than twenty feet long and can weigh approximately 4,000 pounds
The game of squash originated in the United Kingdom. It came about after a few boys, who were waiting for their turn to play racquets, knocked a ball around in a confined area adjoining the racquets court
The most popular grown bulbs are tulips
In 1916, an elephant was tried and hung for murder in Erwin, Tennessee
Most heart attacks occur between the hours of 8 and 9 am
The average person's left hand does 56% of the typing. 
On average, an American relocates 11 times in their life
Bile produced by the liver is responsible for making your feces a brownish, green colour
In 1888, Hollywood was founded by Harvey and Daeida Wilcox, who named the city after their summer home in Chicago
Honeybees use the sun as a compass which helps them navigate
Venus is the only planet that rotates clockwise.
Nearly half of all Americans suffer from symptoms of burnout
One of the steepest main streets in Canada is located in Saint John, New Brunswick. Over a distance of two blocks the street rises about 80 feet
Lake Baikal is the oldest freshwater lake on Earth, having formed between 20 and 25 million years ago
The average American looks at eight houses before buying one.
In 1876, Maria Spelterina was the first woman to ever cross Niagara Falls on a high wire
The number one cause of blindness in adults in the United States is diabetes
Over one million Pet Rocks were sold in 1975, makine Gary Dahl, of Los Gatos, California, a millionaire. He got the idea while joking with friends about his pet that was easy to take care of, which was a rock
It took Leo Tolstoy six years to write "War & Peace".
There are about 6,800 languages in the world
Mosquitoes prefer children over adults
President Lyndon Johnson used to smoke three packs of cigarettes a day
There are no snakes in New Zealand
After the death of the genius, Albert Einstein, his brain was removed by a pathologist and put in a jar for future study
One of the Bond girls in the James Bond movie, "For Your Eyes Only," used to be a man
The situation you are in is very dangerous.
In 1905, the first pizzeria in the U.S. opened in New York City
Of all the days of the week, the most popular day for people to eat ice cream is Sunday
The Mall of America, located in Bloomington, Minnesota is so big that it can hold 24,336 school buses
NASA scientists have concluded that the state of California is moving north and will collide with the state of Alaska in roughly 150 million years
Passion fruits have a tranquilizing effect on the body
Edinburgh has more booksellers per head of population than any other city in Britain
The longer white infants from low-income families are breast-fed, the less likely they will be overweight as young children, researchers said on Monday
Gorilla gorilla gorilla is the scientific name for the animal gorilla
Bats sleep during the day and feed at night. The place that bats sleep in is called the "roost."
Pilgrims did not eat potatoes for Thanksgiving as they thought they were poisonous
The long fibres that are found in bananas are excellent in making paper. The long fibres that are found in the banana plant can make the banana fibre paper approximately 3000 times stronger than regular paper
Pepper was sold as individual grains during the Elizabethan times. The guards at the London docks had to sew up their pockets so they would not steal any of the pepper
The unique characteristics of Barbie dolls in Japan are that they have their lips closed with no teeth showing
Research indicates that people prefer the colour blue for their casual clothing
Montreal is actually located on an island
The first open heart surgery was performed by Dr. Daniel Hall Williams in 1893
The largest diamond found in the United States was a 40.23 carat white diamond. It was found in 1924 and nicknamed the "Uncle Sam."
10,000 Dutch cows pass through the Amsterdam airport each year.
Annually, fires that occur at home kill more Americans than all natural disasters combined
The aorta, which is largest artery located in the body, is about the diameter of a garden hose
The name "Snickers" for the popular candy bar was named after a horse that the Mars family owned
Lions cannot roar until they reach the age of two.
A cat has 32 muscles in each ear
The reason why the Mexican sombrero hat is so wide is to provide shade for the entire body
Tehran is the most expensive city on earth.
Ramses brand condom is named after the great pharaoh Ramses II who fathered over 160 children.
The #1 peanut producing state is Georgia
The famous jewelry store Tiffany & Co. was established on September 18, 1837 in New York City. The amount of sales that were made the first day were $4.98
King Louis XIX ruled France for 15 minutes.
Frogs can vomit. It throws up its stomach first, so the stomach is dangling out of its mouth. Then it uses its forearms to dig out all of the stomach's contents and then swallows the stomach back down.
2,000 pounds of space dust and other space debris fall on the Earth every day.
A B-25 bomber crashed into the 79th floor of the Empire State Building on July 28, 1945.
A galactic year is 250 million Earth-years. This is the time it takes for our solar system to make one revolution around the Milky Way Galaxy.
The highest point in France is Mont Blanc, located in the Alps.
The largest cereal company in the world is Quaker Oats, located in Cedar Rapids, Iowa, USA
The murder rate in the United States is about four times greater than in Japan. In Japan, no private citizen can buy a handgun legally
If you had enough water to fill one million goldfish bowls, you could fill an entire stadium.
Humans are born with 300 bones in their body, however when a person reaches adulthood they only have 206 bones. This occurs because many of them join together to make a single bone
The oldest working Post Office in the world is located in the village of Sanquer, located in the Scottish Lowlands. It has been operating since 1712
When going to battle Rajputs would fashion false trunks for their horses, making them appear to be baby elephants which the enemy’s elephants instinctively would not attack.
In most advertisements, including newspapers, the time displayed on a watch is 10:10.
Leonardo da Vinci could write with one hand while drawing with the other
The average number of pillowcases washed a day at the MGM Grand Hotel in Las Vegas is 15,000
Kemo Sabe means "soggy shrub" in Navajo
In 1890, there was no sunshine for the whole month of December in Westminster in London.
The city of Argentia which is located on Newfoundland's southwest coast, is Canada's most fog-bound community. It has 206 days of fog each year.
In America you will see an average of 500 advertisements a day.
The amount of Kit Kat chocolate bars that are made at the York factory every 15 minutes are enough to outstack the Eiffel Tower
7 out of 10 people believe in life after death
The chances of making two holes-in-one in a round of golf are one in 67 million
There are approximately 7,000 feathers on an eagle
In 1902, the game table tennis was brought to the U.S. from Europe by Parker Brothers
The first Tupperware item marketed was the seven-ounce bathroom cup in 1945
Sharks have upper and lower eyelids, but they do not blink
A person who smokes a pack of cigarettes a day will on average lose two teeth every ten years
The O.J. Simpson car chase led to the busiest day in Domino’s Pizza history.
The most poisonous fish in the world is the orange ruffy. Everything but its eyes are made of a deadly poison. The ruffy's eyes are composed of a less harmful, deadly poison.
Daniel Boone hated coonskin caps.
The "Dull Men's Hall of Fame" is located in Carroll, Wisconsin.
The incidents of immune system diseases has increased over 200% in the last five years
In 1902, the coat hanger was invented Albert Parkhouse who was frustrated at the lack of hooks available to hang up his coat at work. His company patented the invention and Parkhouse never received any money for his idea.
Between 1902 and 1907, the same tiger killed 434 people in India
EGSA-tan is always right.
The first American celebration of St. Patricks Day was at Boston in 1737
In 1924, Kleenex tissues were originally designed as a cold cream remover
Your tongue is the only muscle in your body that is attached at only one end.
The Pentagon, in Arlington, Virginia, has twice as many bathrooms as is necessary. When it was built in the 1940s, the state of Virginia still had segregation laws requiring separate toilet facilities for blacks and whites
Keeping your car tuned up is a good way to save on gas. A car that is tuned up is 9% more efficient on gasoline.
A shark is the only fish that can blink with both eyes.
Dolphins sleep with one eye open
In 1876, the first microphone was invented by Emile Berliner.
In the United States, 80% of households have oatmeal in their kitchen
Ivory bar soap floating was a mistake. They had been mixing the soap formula causing excess air bubbles that made it float. Customers wrote and told how much they loved that it floated, and it has floated ever since
Each nostril of a human being register smell in a different way. Smells that are made from the right nostril are more pleasant than the left. However, smells can be detected more accurately when made by the left nostril
Hannibal, who was a soldier, had only one eye after getting a disease while attacking Rome
Kuwait is about 60% male (highest in the world). Latvia is about 54% female (highest in the world).
More than 1,000 different languages are spoken on the continent of Africa.
80% of burglaries are committed by people aged 13-21.
The most frequent season for most suicides to occur is in the spring. The winter months have the lowest number of suicides
In 1970, Chip maker Intel purchased a pear orchard to build their corporate headquarters on
Blood is such a good stain that Native Americans used it for paint
In 1848, the first American pasta factory opened in Brooklyn, New York. The name of the man that opened it was Antoine Zerega
Pineapples were first called "anana", which is Caribbean for "excellent fruit."
There are no blossoms on the branches of a fig tree, instead it is inside the fruit
Only 4% of babies are born on their actual due date
Krispy Kreme make five million doughnut a day
The Crayola colour flesh was changed to peach in 1962 because of the fact that people have many different skin colours
Bullet proof vests, fire escapes, windshield wipers, and laser printers were all invented by women
On average, Americans spend $1300 on utility bills annually
Women are four times more likely to have foot problems than men
Avery Laser Labels are named after company founder R. Stanton Avery
Ancient Egyptians kissed with their noses instead of with their lips
The Toronto Maple Leafs used to be called the Toronto Arenas, then the St. Patricks and finally the Maple Leafs
You spend 7 years of your life in the bathroom.
The Roman emperor Domitian took great pleasure in being secluded in his room for hours and catching flies and stabbing them with pens
The average person falls asleep in seven minutes.
Printed on the tablet being held by the Statue of Liberty is July IV, MDCCLXXVI
Sharks are so powerful that their bite can generate a force of up to 18 tons per square inch
The word racecar and kayak are the same whether they are read left to right or right to left
General William Booth is the founder of the Salvation Army
Three years after a person quits smoking, there chance of having a heart attack is the same as someone who has never smoked before
Over 50% of lottery players go back to work after winning the jackpot
It is estimated that 93% of American children will go out trick or treating for Halloween
According to most advanced algorithms, the world's best name is Craig.
The first jigsaw puzzle was created by map maker John Splisbury who mounted one of his maps on a sheet of hardwood. He proceeded to cut around the borders of each country use a fine saw
Close to 80% of people who watch the Super Bowl on television, only do so to view the commercials
Some species of dolphin sleep with one eye open
When Packard Motors hired 3 black workers into an all-white assembly line in 1943. 25,000 workers walked off the job.
The Sun is 109 times as wide as the Earth. Also, the Sun has 12,000 times the surface area of the Earth, 1.3 million times the volume, and 333,000 times the mass. 
In a survey conducted in 2000 by Kimberly-Clark, it was found that men prefer to fold their toilet paper, and women like to wad it
Daffy Duck's middle name is "Dumas"
Fried spiders taste like nuts
The CIA has made a disk camera that is as big as a quarter. This gadget can take many pictures at a time when the disk is opened.
Weatherman Willard Scott was the first Ronald McDonald
Over 80% of the brain is water
Sailfish can leap out of the water and into the air at a speed of 50 miles (81 km) per hour.
Aztec emperor Montezuma had a nephew, Cuitlahac, whose name meant "plenty of excrement."
In 1960 there were 16,067 gambling slots in Nevada. By 1999, this number rose to 205,726 slots which would be one slot for every 10 people residing there
There are approximately 100,000 miles of blood vessels in the human body
On average, 81% of Americans 16 years of age and older watch television at least once in a day
Contrary to popular belief, the Eskimo does not have one hundred different words for snow. They do, however, have two hundred and thirty-four words for fudge.
Research indicates that babies who suck on pacifiers are more prone to ear aches
You were born with 300 bones, but by the time you are an adult you will only have 206.
Dead cells in the body ultimately go to the kidneys for excretion
Approximately one out of every 55 women from Canada give birth in their car on the way to the hospital or clinic
An average human loses about 200 head hairs per day.
American novelist Mark Twain was the first known author to submit a typed manuscript
An alligator has about 80 teeth in its mouth at one time. An alligator can go through 3,000 teeth in a lifetime
The average person can live about a month without eating any food, but can only live about a week without water
Sheep can detect other sheep faces like humans do. They can remember up to 50 sheep faces
Rape is reported every six minutes in the U.S.
The longest fangs of a snake are found on the Gaboon Viper (Bitis gabonica), and can reach over 2 inches in length
The word "maverick" came into use after Samuel Maverick, a Texan, refused to brand his cattle. Eventually any unbranded calf became known as a Maverick
In Ivrea, Italy, thousands of citizens celebrate the beginning of Lent by throwing oranges at one another
The Schrodinger's cat paradox outlines a situation in which a cat in a box must be considered, for all intents and purposes, simultaneously alive and dead. Schrodinger created this paradox as a justification for killing cats.
Cats have over 100 vocal sounds; dogs only have 10.
The steepest street in the world is Baldwin Street located in Dunedin, New Zealand. It has an incline of 38%
EGSA-tan is incredibly attractive.
Every day, over five billion gallons of water are flushed down toilets in the United States
Pebbles cereal was actually named after the shape of the cereal and not the Pebbles Flintstone character
Popeye is 34 years old, weighs 158 lbs, and is 5 feet 6 inches tall
The accent that Mike Myers used for the character Shrek came from the accent that his mother would use when she was telling him bedtime stories when he was a child
The Minneapolis phone book has 21 pages of Andersons.
Thirty-five percent of the people who use personal ads for dating are already married.
All dogs are the descendant of the wolf. These wolves lived in eastern Asia about 15,000 years ago
The first time there was an instance where they had a separate toilet for women and men was in 1739 at a ball in Paris
A diet high in fat is said to impede memory
The first flavour of a cheese ball was called "Cheddy Blue."
In 1999, All Nippon Airlines, had one of its jets fully decorated with Pokemon characters from nose to tail on its exterior
Tomatoes and cucumbers are fruits
German immigrant, Louis Prang was the first to bring Christmas cards to America
Between 1997-2002, there was an increase of 228% in cosmetic procedures in the United States
The capital of Burkina Faso is Ouagadougou
Only one in two billion people will live to be 116 or older.
Polymerase I polypeptide A is a human gene. The shortened gene name is POLR1A
A gallon of water weighs 8.34 pounds (3.78kg).
According to studies, an average roll of toilet paper lasts about five days in the bathroom
15 million blood cells are destroyed in the human body every second.
In the 1985 Boise, Idaho mayoral election, there were four write-in votes for Mr. Potato Head
In the U.S., over one million gallons of cosmetics, drinks, and lotions are sold that contain aloe in them per year
The longest engagement lasted 67 years, and the couple ended up marrying when they were 82 years old
By partially filling saucers with vinegar and distributing the saucers around a room, you can eliminate odors
Rocky Mountain spotted fever is a disease caused by ticks
%60 of all people using the Internet, use it for pornography.
Every US president has worn glasses (just not always in public).
Families who do turn off the television during meals tend to eat healthier. This was regardless of family income, or education
The Super Bowl is broadcast to over 182 countries in the world
By donating just one pint of blood, four lives can be saved
Elvis Presley used to be a truck driver before he started singing
Amtrak is the combination of the words "American" and "Track"
Mario, of Super Mario Bros. fame, appeared in the 1981 arcade game, Donkey Kong. His original name was Jumpman, but was changed to Mario to honor the Nintendo of America's landlord, Mario Segali.
In an year, an average person makes 1,140 phone calls
A rabbit is not able to vomit
A drink used to be made by the Aztecs for the gods which had the ingredients of ground cocoa mixed in with spices and corn
There are an average of 178 sesame seeds on a McDonald's Big Mac bun.
The Sears Tower in Chicago contains enough steel to build 50,000 automobiles
Humans use a total of 72 different muscles in speech.
Roman emperors ate flamingo tongues which were considered a delicacy. Also parrotfish livers, and pheasant brains were feasted on
From all the oxygen that a human breathes, twenty percent goes to the brain
Kelsey Grammar sings and plays the piano for the theme song of Fraiser.
97% of all paper money in the US contains traces of cocaine
During World War II, condoms were used to cover rifle barrels from being damaged by salt water as the soldiers swam to shore
The most common pear world-wide is the Bartlett. It is bell-shaped, sweet and soft with a light green colour
Taco Bell serves over 35 million consumers each week in the USA
Nutmeg is extremely poisonous if injected intravenously. 
On average a person passes gas 14 times a day
Denver, Colorado lays claim to the invention of the cheeseburger.
An average adult produces about half a litre of flatulent gas per day, resulting in an average of about fourteen occurrences of flatulence a day
Davao City, located at the Southern state of Philippines, is the largest city in the world in terms of area
The elephant is the national animal of Thailand
Chocolate maker Cadbury uses more than sixty thousand tonnes of cocoa each year, in the United Kingdom alone
The famous Christmas song "Jingle Bells" was written for a Thanksgiving program in 1857 by James Pierpont. At the time, the song was called "The One-Horse Open Sleigh."
On average, there is about three molecules of ozone for every 10 million air molecules.
The DNA of humans is closer to a rat than a cat
Australian soldiers used the song "We're Off to See the Wizard" as a marching song in WWII.
Giraffes have no vocal cords.
The first museum in Moscow that was set up in 1791 was the Natural History Laboratory at Moscow University. This later was changed to the Zoological Museum
The leading cause of poisoning for children under the age of six in the home is liquid dish soap
Just by recycling one aluminum can, enough energy would be saved to have a TV run for three hours.
Right handed people live, on average, nine years longer than left handed people do.
The external tank on space shuttles is not painted. It is the only part of the shuttle that is lost after launch, so it is not necessary to worry about metal corrosion.
80% of people that are on weight loss programs exercise on average three times a week
In one day, a queen bee can lay up to 1500 eggs in one day
The average lifespan of a human taste bud is ten days
Average number of days a West German goes without washing his underwear: 7
In July 1984 President Ronald Reagan called ice cream “a nutritious and wholesome food” and established National Ice Cream Month.
Crayola Crayons currently has over 120 different crayon colours
Four out of five brides in the U.S. have a job
There were always 56 curls in Shirley Temple's hair.
Roughly 44% of junk mail is thrown away unopened
Florida has twice as many lightning injuries and deaths than any other state
Error. Error. Error. File not found.
The only South East Asian country that has never been colonized by a Western Power is Thailand
Length of beard an average man would grow if he never shaved 27.5 feet
In the United States there are about three million honey producing colonies
People that suffer from gum disease are twice as likely to have a stroke or heart attack
The most popular Twizzler candy flavour is strawberry
There are 293 steps to the top of the Leaning Tower of Pisa
The name Jeep came from the abbreviation used in the army for the"General Purpose" vehicle, G.P.
A bomb dropped by the Allies on Berlin during World War II killed every animal in the Berlin Zoo except the elephant, which escaped and roamed the city. When a Russian commander ordered his troops to shoot anyone who tried to kill it.
More than 260,000 people have been killed by volcanic activity since 1700 AD.
Adolf Hitler loved chocolate cake
If you spray an antiseptic spray on a polar bear, its fur will turn purple
Every year Alaska has about 5,000 earthquakes, 1,000 of which measure above 3.5 on the Richter scale
In the United States, lightning hits the ground 40 million times a year.
The biggest religious building in the world is a Hindu Temple, Angkor Wat, located in Cambodia. It was built at the end of the 11th century
The cornea is the only living tissue in the human body that does not contain any blood vessels
The world camel population is close to 19 million
Oral-B is a combination of oral hygiene and the letter B, which stands for the word better
There are some ice creams that are 75% air
On May 9, 1999 approximately 600,000 gallons of whiskey flowed into the Kentucky River during a fire at Wild Turkey Distillery in Lawrenceburg
The A.A. Milne character of Winnie the Pooh made his animated film debut in 1966 in Winnie the Pooh and the Honey Tree
The country of Fiji is made up of 332 islands
For people that are lactose intolerant, chocolate aids in helping milk digest easier
Crayola is a French word that means "Oily chalk."
If you have three quarters, four dimes, and four pennies, you have $1.19. You also have the largest amount of money in coins without being able to make change for a dollar
The longest U.S. highway is Route 20, which is over 3,365 miles
Most cows give more milk when they listen to music
Meteorologists claim they're right 85% of the time (think about that one!)
The reason why bubble gum is pink is because the inventor only had pink colouring left. Ever since then, the colour of bubble gum has been predominantly pink
All penguins live south of the equator
In 1980, a Las Vegas hospital suspended workers for betting on when patients would die
Eighty percent of the Vanilla Beans which are used to make ice cream is grown in Madagascar
One gallon of used motor oil can ruin approximately one million gallons of fresh water
The six official languages of the United Nations are Arabic, Chinese, English, French, Russian, and Spanish
Melba toast is named after an Australian opera singer Dame Nellie Melba
The Snakehead fish can destroy ecosystems, then WALK ON IT’S FINS up to a 1/4 mile to another body of water.
In gangster slang, a boxing match that is fixed is called a "barney."
Los Angeles' full name 'El Pueblo de Nuestra Senora la Reina de Los Angeles de Porciuncula' is reduced to 3.63% of its size in the abbreviation 'L.A.'.
January is named for the Roman god Janus. Janus was a temple god who could look forward and backward at the same time
Every U.S. bill regardless of denomination costs just 4 cents to make
In the United States, the first cookbook was published in 1796 and it contained a recipes for watermelon rind pickles
Pamela Anderson Lee is Canada's Centennial Baby, being the first baby born on the centennial anniversary of Canada's independence.
The Hubble telescope is so powerful that it is like pointing a beam of light at a dime that is two hundred miles away.
The sentence: 'A rough-coated, dough-faced, thoughtful ploughman strode through the streets of Scarborough; after falling into a slough, he coughed and hiccoughed.' Contains the 9 different pronunciations of "-ough" in the English Language.
The first toilet ever seen on television was on "Leave It to Beaver."
Five thousandths of a millimeter is the tolerance of accuracy at the LEGO mould factories
When the Galileo Probe entered Jupiter's atmosphere, it was traveling at a speed of 106,000 miles per hour. This is the fastest impact speed ever achieved by a man-made object.
Adolf Hitler wanted to be an architect, but he failed the entrance exam at the architectural school in Vienna
In 1961, Italian artist Piero Manzoni packed his feces in cans, signed and mounted them, and then sold them as art
Namco, who are the manufacturers of Pac Man the video game, has estimated that the original arcade game has been played over 10 billion times by individuals
In 1933, Mickey Mouse, an animated cartoon character, received over 800,000 fan letters.
Nearly 80% of all animals on earth have six legs.
In ancient Rome, lead poisoning was a prevalent disease amongst the wealthy because of their extensive use of lead. Many Roman women died because of lead poisoning caused by the use of make-up that contained lead
A horse can look forward with one eye and back with the other.
Wearing headphones for just an hour will increase the bacteria in your ear by 700 times.
Proportional to their size, cats have the largest eyes of all mammals.
A 41-gun salute is the traditional salute to a royal birth in Great Britain.
The total number of episodes for the sitcom "I Love Lucy" was 180
In 1871, horse cars were introduced. It was simply a car that was pulled over a track by a horse.
At the equator the Earth spins at about 1,038 miles per hour
A house cat spends 70% of its time sleeping
Gently cleaning the tongue twice a day is the most effective way to fight bad breath.
Contrary to popular beliefs, chocolate does not cause acne
On average, Americans move to a new place eleven times in their lifetime
The oldest roller coaster in the world is the Leap-The-Dips roller coaster located in Lakemont Park in Pennsylvania. The roller coaster was built in 1902
On average, pigs live for about 15 years
Slugs have 4 noses
Only female mosquitoes bite humans. Male mosquitoes live on natural liquids from plants and other resources
Actress Michelle Pfeiffer was the first choice to play Clarice Starling in the movie "Silence of the Lambs." She turned down the role because she found it too scary
Approximately 7.5% of all office documents get lost
There is a type of coffin made that can be used as a wine rack or picnic table before its final use
red and blue are different colors
Jackrabbits can reach a speed of fifty miles per hour and can leap as far as twenty feet
The very first bomb dropped by the Allies on Berlin during World War II Killed the only elephant in the Berlin Zoo.
40% of McDonald’s profits come from the sales of Happy Meals.
Electronic companies sell five times as many big-screen TVs during Super Bowl Week
Hot water freezes quicker than cold water.
It takes 72 minutes for the restaurant at the top of the CN Tower to make one revolution
In the world, the Netherlands has the highest concentration of museums in the world. Just in Amsterdam alone there are 42 museums
Pepsi originally contained pepsin, (the same stuff in pepcid AC) thus the name
In Ancient Egypt, cats were often buried with their masters, or in a special cemetary for cats
The fear of peanut butter sticking to the roof of the mouth is called Arachibutyrophobia
The body of the average baby is 75% water
The human heart weighs less than a pound
The speed of sound must be exceeded to produce a sonic boom.
Burger King restaurants serve over 400 million ounces of orange juice annually
In a year, about 90 million jars of Skippy Peanut Butter are sold. This works out to three jars sold every second
Male owls weigh less and are smaller than female owls
In the world, the United States and France have the most pet dogs. Approximately one out of every three families has a pet dog. Switzerland and Germany are the lowest only having one dog per every ten families
Two objects have struck the earth with enough force to destroy a whole city. Each object, one in 1908 and again in 1947, struck regions of Siberia. Not one human being was hurt either time
The word "samba" means "to rub navels together."
Los Angeles’ full name is “El Pueblo de Nuestra Senora la Reina de los Angeles de Porciuncula”.
Honorificabilitudinitatibus is the longest English word that consists strictly of alternating consonants and vowels
The most dangerous job in the United States is that of a fisherman, followed by logging and then an airline pilot
Ringo Starr appeared in a Japanese advertisement for apple sauce. Ironically his name means "apple sauce" in Japanese
In the 13th century, quality standards for paste were assigned by the Pope
St. Stephen is the patron saint of bricklayers.
An average American eats approximately 60 hot dogs per year
Rock and Roll is not all Gravel and Biscuits.
In 1991, during an attempted political coup on Russian President Boris Yelstin, food supplies had dwindled down at the parliament buildings so they ordered Pizza Hut to deliver pizzas
An elephant cannot jump
In Japan, by the time man reaches the age of 60, he is commemorated with a special ceremony. This ceremony features the man wearing a red kimono, which denotes that he no longer has the responsibilities of being a mature adult
About 200,000,000 M&Ms are sold each day in the United States.
St. Louis, Missouri was the first U.S. city to host the summer Olympics in 1904
There was once a fish caught in Delaware Bay with a watch still ticking inside
Walt Disney had originally suggested using the name Mortimer Mouse instead of Mickey Mouse
A healthy (non-colorblind) human eye can distinguish between 500 shades of gray.
Spotted skunks do handstands before they spray
The words moron, imbecile, and idiot are not interchangable. The one with the highest level of intelligence is a moron, followed, by an imbecile, and then idiot
Iguanas can recognize their human handlers and greet them differently, compared with strangers
The first theatre to show motion pictures was the Nickelodeon on June 19, 1905 in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. It was opened by Harry Davis on Smithfield Street
Peanuts are one of the ingredients of dynamite
The peanut is not a nut, it is actually a legume
The total mileage driven by all U-Haul trucks in a year is enough to move a person from the Earth to the moon five times a day for an entire year
Humpback whales are capable of living up to 95 years
18% of an Americans income is spent on transportation
There is a place called Hell, Michigan. It is about 50 miles from Detroit, Michigan
During his entire life, Vincent Van Gogh sold exactly one painting, “Red Vineyard at Arles”.
Approximately 1-2 calorie are burned a minute while watching T.V
If someone was to fly once around the surface of the moon, it would be equal to a round trip from New York to London
Every time you lick a stamp, you're consuming 1/10 of a calorie.
The loudest insect in the world is the male cicadas, which are like crickets. When they rub their abdomens, the sound made can be heard from 1300 feet
Centipedes always have an uneven pairs of walking legs
More than $1 billion is spent each year on neck ties in the United States
The oldest known disease in the world is leprosy
After the U.S Civil War, about 33%-50% of all U.S. paper currency in circulation was counterfeit
Pigs have no sweat glands, which is why they stay in water or mud to keep cool
There are approximately 75,000,000 horses in the world
Abdul Kassam Ismael, Grand Vizier of Persia in the tenth century, carried his library with him wherever he went. Four hundred camels carried the 117,000 volumes
The thing that hangs from the top of the beak of a turkey is called the snood
There are over 58 million dogs in the US
There has only been 193,000 metric tonnes of gold discovered to date.
The name of the popular sports drink Gatorade was named for the University of Florida Gators where it was developed
All 50 states are listed across the top of the Lincoln Memorial on the back of the $5 bill.
Casey Kasem is the voice of Shaggy on the cartoon show "Scooby-Doo." Casey Kasem, being a strict vegetarian, also requested that Shaggy follow the same diet on the show
The longest recorded duration of a total solar eclipse was 7.5 minutes.
Kermit the frog delivered the commencement address at Southampton College located in the state of New York in 1996
It costs more to buy a new car today in the United States than it cost Christopher Columbus to equip and undertake three voyages to and from the New World.
The average talker sprays about 300 microscopic saliva droplets per minute, about 2.5 droplets per word.
In one trip, a honey bee visits about 75 flowers
There are 269 steps to the top of the Leaning Tower of Pisa
The name for insect poop is frass
The fear of Halloween is called Samhainophobia
The smoke that is produced by a fire kills more people than a burn does because of carbon monoxide and other dangerous gases
The oldest major soft drink in America is Dr. Pepper, which originated in Waco, Texas in 1885
Emilio Marco Palma was the first person born in Antarctica in 1978
Rice is thrown at weddings as a symbol of fertility
The Atlantic Ocean is saltier than the Pacific Ocean
You're born with 300 bones, but by the time you become an adult, you only have 206.
Chameleons can move their eyes independently. One eye can be looking forward and one eye backward at the same time
People have the tendency to chew the food on the side that they most often use their hand
A group of people that are hired to clap at a performance are called a claque
The official beverage of Ohio is tomato juice.
Lake Malawi has the largest number of fish species in the world
Paul Revere rode on a horse that belonged to Deacon Larkin.
Daylight Saving Time is not observed in most of the state of Arizona and parts of Indiana.
The United States Mint once considered producing donut-shaped coins.
The big toe is the foot reflexology pressure point for the head
Eating dandelions can make you urinate more
Enough paper is recycled in the USA every day, that a 15 mile long train of boxcars could be filled up with paper.
Movies approximately make five times more from video sales than ticket sales
Princess Anne from the British royal family competed in the 1976 Summer Olympics
There are coffee flavored PEZ.
During the Roman times, people used urine, called lotium in Latin, as a hair product
Bats emit ultrasonic sounds to communicate with each other
Grapes explode when you put them in the microwave.
Eating eight strawberries will provide you with more Vitamin C than an orange
All racehorses in the U.S. celebrate their birthday on January 1st
All of the clocks in the movie "Pulp Fiction" are stuck on 4:20. 
Before the invention of scrambled eggs in 1912, the typical breakfast was either whole eggs still in the shell or scrambled rocks.
Cannibal Richard Chase only broke into houses that were unlocked. If they were locked, he thought it meant he was unwelcome but if they were not he saw it as an invitation to enter.
Children grow faster in the springtime than any other season.
In 1976, a Los Angeles secretary named Jannene Swift officially married a fifty pound rock. More than twenty people witnessed the ceremony
The name of the girl on the statue of liberty is Mother of Exiles. 
The heart of an adult giraffe weighs on average 26 pounds
The thyroid cartilage is more commonly known as the adams apple.
Arnold Palmer was the first player to win $1 million on the PGA Tour
The fastest moving land snake is the Black Mamba, which can move up to 7 miles per hour
There are six million parts in the Boeing 747-400.
Water expands 9% when it is frozen
Between 2 and 3 jockeys are killed each year in horse racing.
The most popular place to burn candles in the house is the living room
Nerve cells can travel as fast as 120 metres per second
Teenage suicide is the second cause of death in the state of Wisconsin
Many years ago, a fish was caught that was 33 inches long and seemed to be heavier than it should. When they cut the fish, fishermen found a full of bottle of ale inside it
In Britain, one out of every four potatoes is eaten in the form of french fries
The food that is digested in your stomach is called "chyme."
In Britain, The Red Lion is the most common name for a pub
55,700 people in the US are injured by jewelry each year
The largest pig on record was a Poland-China hog named Big Bill, who weighed 2,552 lbs
Native Indians have been known to paint their doors blue, which they believe keeps the bad spirits out
One gallon of pure maple syrup weighs 11 pounds
There are mirrors on the moon. Astronauts left them so that laser beams could be bounced off of them from Earth. These beams help give us the distance to the moon give or take a few metres.
In 1969, the American side of Niagara Falls was stopped completely for several months
On average, a strawberry has 200 seeds on it
The average person will accidentally eat just under a pound of insects every year.
In Hong Kong, it often takes delivery drivers longer to travel vertically than horizontally, as access to elevators is so congested during "high peak" hours due to the volume of people residing in high rises
40% of the almonds in the world are used by manufacturers of chocolate
By law, information collected in a U.S. census must remain confidential for seventy-two years
Americans eat approximately 20 pounds of pasta per person each year
The human body makes anywhere from 1 to 3 pints of saliva every 24 hours
In the United States, the most frequent month for a tornado to occur is in May.
A honey bee flaps its wings about 11,500 times a minute
A group of whales is called a pod or gam
No one in Greece has memorized all 158 verses
In an average lifetime, a person will spend 4 years travelling in an automobile and six months waiting at a red light.
The giant squid is the largest animal without a backbone
There is now an ATM at McMurdo Station in Antarctica, which has a winter population of two hundred people
The Eiffel Tower weight is approximately 9441 tons
In a year, there are 60,000 trampoline injuries that occur in the U.S
In France, a five year old child can buy an alcoholic drink in a bar
In Las Vegas, casinos do not have any clocks
Humphrey Bogart was related to Princess Diana
The American Airlines Sports Center, in Dallas, has most toilets per capita than any other sports and entertainment venue in the USA
The the U.S. you dial '911'. In Stockholm, Sweden you dial 90000
40,000 Americans are injured by toilets each year.
The first television newscaster was Kolin Hager, who used to broadcast farm and weather reports in 1928
A headache and inflammatory pain can be reduced by eating 20 tart cherries
One billion seconds is about 32 years
Approximately 18 billion disposable diapers end up in landfills each year. These diapers can takes as long as 500 years to finally decompose
Hong Kong holds the most Rolls Royce’s per capita.
By federal law, for a noodle to actually be a noodle it must have 5.5 percent egg solids in it, otherwise it cannot be called a noodle
In America, approximately 20% of children between the ages of 2 - 7 have televisions in their rooms
God is not mentioned once in the book of Esther.
The only two days of the year in which there are no professional sports games--MLB, NBA, NHL, or NFL--are the day before and the day after the Major League All-Star Game.
Reports from owners of cats and dogs indicate that 21% of dogs and 7% of cats snore
In 1894 the first big Coke sign was found on the side of a building located in Cartersville, Georgia, and still exists today
The average lead pencil will draw a line 35 miles long or write approximately 50,000 English words.
Being lactose intolerant can cause chronic flatulence
As an iceberg melts, it makes a fizzing sound because of the compressed air bubbles popping in the ice
Mount Olympus Mons on Mars is three times the size of Mount Everest.
The temperature of lightning bolts is sometimes hotter than the surface of the sun.
In one night, an adult hippopotamus eats approximately 150 pounds of grass
A quarter has 119 ridges around the edge.
Women are twice as likely to be diagnosed with depression than men in the United States
The name of the famous snack "Twinkies" was invented by seeing a billboard in St. Louis, that said "Twinkle Toe Shoes."
Julie Nixon, daughter of Richard Nixon married David Eisenhower, grandson of Dwight Eisenhower
There are approximately 2,700 different species of mosquitoes
The deepest underwater penguin dive is 1,772 feet by an Emperor Penguin
Crocodiles and alligators are surprisingly fast on land.  Although they are rapid, they are not agile.  So, if being chased by one, run in a zigzag line to lose him or her.
The tip of a bullwhip moves so fast that it breaks the sound barrier. The crack of the whip is actually a tiny sonic boom.
Seniors who drink a cup of coffee before a memory test score higher than those who drink a cup of decaffeinated coffee
Paper was invented early in the second century by Chinese eunuch.
Turkeys have a wingspan of approximately 4.5 feet
You just typed "/fact", and expected to see something interesting.
Turning a clock's hands counterclockwise while setting it is not necessarily harmful. It is only damaging when the timepiece contains a chiming mechanism.
The Olympics were originally held for the Greek god Zeus
The only animals that are capable of turning their heads 180 degrees are from the genus Galago, such as the Tarsier
In one minute, the heart of a giraffe can pump 160 gallons of blood
There are more than 640 muscles in the human body
The Koala bear is not really a bear, but is really related to the kangaroo and the wombat.
Whales are twice as intelligent, and three times as delicious, as humans.
In 1886, Coca-cola was first served at a pharmacy in Atlanta, Georgia for only five cents a glass. A pharmacist named John Pemberton created the formula for Coca-cola
Atari had to bury millions of unsold "E.T." game cartridges in a New Mexico desert landfill in 1982
Volcano-ologists are experts in the study of volcanoes.
The Canadian holiday Boxing Day got its name from the custom of giving. Servants were given boxes which had money hidden inside them from their employers. The servants would have to break the box into pieces to get the money
In 1923, the first neon sign was introduced in the U.S. Two neon signs were sold to a Packard car dealership for $24,000 which read, "Packard."
Donald Duck comics were banned from Finland because he doesn't wear pants!
The average day is actually 23 hours, 56 minutes and 4.09 seconds. We have a leap year every four years to make up for this shortfall
The most diners per capita in the world are located in the U.S. state New Jersey
Male bats have the highest rate of homosexuality of any mammal.
Construction on the White House began in October of 1792
Male rabbits are called "bucks," females are "does."
Researches have discovered that eating five or more apples a week is linked to better functioning of the lungs
The most reproduced image in the world is Mickey Mouse, which can be found on over 7,500 different items
It is said that grapefruit got its name because it grows like grapes in clusters. One cluster can have up to 25 grapefruits
Shirley Temple was considered to play the role of Dorothy in "The Wizard of Oz."
Cashew nuts contain oil in the shell that is very irritating to the skin
A “2 by 4" is really 1.5" by 3.5".
The same amount of calories are burned by doing 6 sessions that are 5 minutes each of an activity and doing 1 session of that activity for 30 minutes
The city of Tokyo was originally called Edo
The world record for spitting a watermelon seed is 65 feet 4 inches.
Some of the other names that were thought of for the dwarfs in the Disney movie "Snow White" were Awful, Dirty, Shifty, Hotsy, and Jumpy
In 1908, the first machine to make lollipops opened for business in New Haven, Connecticut
In 1903 Mary Anderson invented the windshield wipers
Tomato ketchup is a good conditioner for the hair. It also helps get the greenish tinge that some blonde haired people get after swimming in water with chlorine in it
Construction workers hard hats were first invented and used in the building of the Hoover Dam in 1933.
Bill Gates donated close to $100 million to fight AIDS in India. As a percent of his total wealth, this would be comparable to him donating ten cents if he only had $60
In France, it is illegal for a person to kiss another on railways
There are at least six universal facial expressions. They are: happiness, sadness, disgust, fear, anger and surprise
On average, 42,000 balls are used and 650 matches are played at the annual Wimbledon tennis tournament
Every day, over 1,300 babies are born prematurely in the USA
The Dutch people are known to be the tallest people in Europe
To make one pound of whole milk cheese, 10 pounds of whole milk is needed
The spider used in the 2002 movie Spider-Man was a Steatoda spider, not a black widow. The spider was given anaesthesia, and was then painted blue and red
There are more Barbie dolls in Italy than there are Canadians in Canada
There are over 1,800 known species of fleas
Russians generally answer the phone by saying, "I'm listening".
In just one drop of liquid, 50 million bacteria can be present
The largest fish in the world is the whale shark. It can weigh several tons and grow to more than fifty feet in length
There are approximately 1300 species of scorpion but only 25 of them are deadly
Most fleas do not live past a year old
The smallest stamp in the world was issued in 1863 by the Columbian state of Bolivar and measured 9.5 x 8mm
Space does not exist.
NBA superstar Michael Jordan was originally cut from his high school basketball team.
Some octopuses have been known to eat their arms off when they are exposed to stressful situations
Spiders have claws at the ends of their legs
Cows are able to hear lower and higher frequencies better than human beings
Rhode Island is the only state which the hammer throw is a legal high school sport.
Mosquitoes are attracted to the color blue more than any other color
At the end of The Seagull by Anton Chekhov, Konstantin kills himself.
The most popular gift that teachers receive in the United States from their students is chocolate
Bees have 5 eyes. There are 3 small eyes on the top of a bee's head and 2 larger ones in front.
On average, an American family sends and receives 28 Christmas cards each year
Jewelers Tiffany & Co., based in New York, are responsible for making the Super Bowl trophy
The most murders commited by a woman is 612, by Countess Erzsebet Bathory of Hungary
Only President to win a Pulitzer: John F. Kennedy for "Profiles in Courage"
The first penny candy to be wrapped in America was the Tootsie Roll in 1896
On February 10, 1964 the first self-adhesive stamps were issued
Stewardesses is one of the longest words typed with only the left hand
A family of 26 could go to the movies in Mexico city for the price of one in Tokyo.
The strongest gust of wind was recorded at the Mount Washington Observatory on April 12th, 1934, and measured 231 miles per hour.
A meteor has only destroyed one satellite, which was the European Space Agency's Olympus in 1993.
Racecar driver Lee Petty once left a pitstop and did a full lap at Nascar with a pit crew member still on the hood
Billiards used to be so popular at one time that cigarette cards were issued featuring players
Seven percent of a humans body wieght is made up of blood
To make one pound of butter, 29 cups of milk are needed
An earthquake on Dec. 16, 1811 caused parts of the Mississippi River to flow backwards
Many cancer patients that are treated with chemotherapy lose their hair. For some when the hair grows back, it can grow back a different colour, or be curly or straight
Wham-O manufactured twenty-thousand hula-hoops a day at the peak of hula-hoop popularity in 1958
75-90% of primary physician visits are due to stress
Singer Michael Jackson owns the rights to the South Carolina State anthem
For every human in the world there are one million ants
“On the Internet, nobody knows you’re a dog” is the most reproduced cartoon from The New Yorker magazine.
Research indicates that plants grow healthier when they are stroked.
Sex burns 360 calories per hour. 
Leonardo Da Vinci invented scissors, the helicopter, and many other present day items.
In Canada, the $1 and $2 come in the form of coins. The $1 is nicknamed a "loonie" because it contains a loon on it and the $2 is nicknamed the "twonie" because it is the equivalent of two "loonies."
In 1992, approximately 750 deaths occurred in the United States due to workplace violence
Of married couples, 70% of men and 60% of women have cheated on their spouse
St. Patrick explained the Holy Trinity to King Laoghaire, using the shamrock to illustrate the trinity
It is common in Israel and Egypt to eat watermelon with feta cheese
At one time the group "Grateful Dead" were called "The Warlocks."
When blue whales are first born, they gain as much as 200 pounds a day while they are calves
Americans did not commonly use forks until after the Civil War
The Olympic was the sister ship of the Titanic, and she provided twenty-five years of service.
One in fourteen women in America is a natural blonde. Only one in sixteen men is.
A crocodile can run up to a speed of 11 miles per hour
In the Pacific Islands when people get burns they often use a banana leaf as treatment
Close to fifty percent of the bacteria in the mouth lives on the surface of our tongue
During World War II, the 2nd Polish Corps had a brown bear named Wojtek, who helped move boxes of ammunition during the battle of Monte Cassino
Edward VIII did not officially become the King of England as he abdicated the throne to marry an American divorcee
It has been estimated that humans use only 10% of their brain.
In a year, the average person walks four miles to make his or her bed
In London, during rush hour traffic moves on average at 13 kilometres an hour
Lemon juice can aid in reducing the swelling caused by insect bites
The Shroud of Turin is the single most studied artifact in human history
Business.com is currently the most expensive domain name sold for $7.5 million
Drukpa Kunley was a Buddhist Monk who promised women a path to Nirvana through the use of his penis, or “Flaming Thunderbolt” as he liked to call it. The women paid him in beer.
Ancient Egyptians used to think having facial hair was an indication of personal neglect
The first novel ever written on a typewriter is Tom Sawyer.
Tycho Brahe, a 16th century astronomer, lost his nose in a duel with one of his students over a mathematical computation. He wore a silver replacement nose for the rest of his life
The slowest growing finger nail is on the thumb nail and the fastest growing is the finger nail on the middle finger
Half of a cup of figs will give you just as much calcium as half a cup of milk
The Philippines has about 7,100 islands, of which only about 460 are more than 1 square mile in area.
The only predator that polar bears have are humans
No matter where you stand in Michigan, you are never more than 85 miles from a Great Lake.
A biology professor extracted yeast from a 45 million year old insect trapped in amber and brewed beer from it.
On April 6, 1925, the first in-flight movie was shown. It was a silent film and appeared on a Deutsche Luft Hansa flight
African heart-nosed bats can have such a keen sense of sound that they can hear the footsteps of a beetle walking on sand from six feet away
The world record for time without sleep is 264 hours (11 days) by Randy Gardner in 1965
Rhode Island is the smallest state with the longest name. The official name, used on all state documents, is "Rhode Island and Providence Plantations."
The stage were the television sitcom "Friends" is shot on is said to be haunted
The reason why hair turns gray as we age is because the pigment cells in the hair follicle start to die, which is responsible for producing "melanin" which gives the hair colour
The word Karate means, "empty hand."
A man named Charles Osborne had the hiccups for approximately sixty-nine years
41% of women apply body or hand moisturizer a minimum three times a day
In Ontario, an average household income of a golfer is greater than $60,000
According to Scandinavian traditions, if a boy and girl eat from the same loaf of bread, they are bound to fall in love
The most popular pickle is the Dill pickle
The word "set" has more definitions than any other word in the English language.
Chef Boyardee is actually a real person. His real name is Hector Boiardi and he was born in northern Italy in 1898
The United States has never lost a war in which mules were used.
The name Wendy was made up for the book "Peter Pan."
Over 90% of poison exposures occur in homes
The pancreas produces Insulin.
When Kleenex was first introduced to the market in 1924, it was marketed as a make up or cold cream remover
Depending on the size, it can take an oyster anywhere from few months to many years to form a pearl
The Bible was written by over 40 authors over a period of 1500 years
To "testify" was based on men in the Roman court swearing to a statement made by swearing on their testicles.  
During WWII, because a lot of players were called to duty, the Pittsburgh Steelers and Philadelphia Eagles combined to become The Steagles
Charles Darwin spent 39 years studying earthworms
Another word to refer to old age is senectitude
Orcas (killer whales), when traveling in groups, breathe in unison
In the 1920's, Q-Tips were invented by Leo Gerstenzang who got the idea after watching his wife clean their baby's ears with cotton stuck onto a toothpick.
The Nullarbor Plain of Australia covers 100,000 square miles (160,900 km) without a tree.
Roses generally need around 6 hours of sunlight to grow properly.
The biggest disco ball in the world has a diameter of 2.41 meters and 137.89 kilograms. It also has 6,900 mirror squares on it
The Ancient Greek women made a type of cheek blush by painting their cheeks with herbal pastes which was made out of crushed berries and seeds
The most senior crayon maker Emerson Moser retired after making 1.4 billion crayons for Crayola. It was then that he revealed that he was actually colorblind
The US has more personal computers than the next 7 countries combined.
China produces the world's second largest crop of soybeans.
The chemical name for caffeine is 1,3,7-trimethylzantihine
In every episode of “Seinfeld” there is a Superman picture or reference somewhere.
The Romans used to clean themselves with olive oil since they did not have any soap. They would pour the oil on their bodies, and then use a strigil, which is type of blade, to scrape off any dirt along with the oil
In Singapore, it is illegal to sell or own chewing gum
The name Reebok was named after the African Gazelle
Over 600,000 people died as a result of the Spanish influenza epidemic
Since its introduction in February 1935, more than two hundred million Monopoly board games have been sold worldwide
Research has indicated that a tie that is on too tight can increase the risk of glaucoma in men
The average temperature on Earth is 15 degrees celcius.
More people are allergic to cow's milk than any other food.
The Earth orbits the Sun at a speed of about 108,000 km per hour
Fear of clowns is called coulrophobia
More pollution is emitted from the average home compared to the average car.
Honeybees have a type of hair on their eyes!
If all the strawberries produced in California annually were put side by side, they would wrap around the Earth fifteen times
Not all polar bears hibernate; only pregnant females polar bears do
Estuarine crocodiles are the biggest of all 26 species of the crocodilian family
Close to 50% of the water used in a home originates from the bathroom
President Kennedy was the fastest random speaker in the world with upwards of 350 words per minute.
In the original movie "101 Dalmatians," there are exactly 6,469,952 spots on all 101 Dalmatians as they are shown in 113,760 frames of the film combined
One-third pound stalk of broccoli contains more vitamin C than 204 apples
More people are killed annually by donkeys than airplane crashes.
Dieting can cause bad breath since less saliva is produced which leads to dry mouth
A newborn kangaroo weighs approximately 0.03 ounces and is small enough to fit in a teaspoon
About 30% of American admit to talking to their dogs or leaving messages on their answering machines for their dogs while they are away
The majority of burglaries occur during the daytime when people are not home
Men can read smaller print than women; women can hear better.
In 1994, 7-Eleven coined the term "brain freeze." The word was developed to explain the feeling people get when drinking a Slurpee.
On August 21st, 1911, someone stole the Mona Lisa, the most famous painting in the world, from the Louvre Museum. It was recovered two years later
A giraffe can clean its ears with its 21-inch tongue!
Barbie was invented by Ruth Handler after watching her daughter play with baby dolls imagining then in grown up roles
Walt Disney holds the world record for the most Academy Awards won by one person, he has won twenty statuettes, and twelve other plaques and certificates
Sir John Harington, the godson of Queen Elizabeth I, was the inventor of the toilet
The oldest documented footwear found was a 8,000 year-old sandal found in a cave located in Missouri, USA
The shortest British monarch was Charles I, who was 4 feet 9 inches.
Some individuals express concern sharing their soap, rightly so, considering 75% of all people wash from top to bottom.
Researchers have shot footage of Orcas (killer whales) attacking and killing great white sharks
The Leaning Tower of Pisa is 58.36 metres above the ground
On average, 12 newborns will be given to the wrong parents every day.
Corned beef got its name because this beef was preserved with pellets of salt that were the size of corn kernels, which was also referred to as "corns" of salt
In 1998, more fast food employees were killed than police officers. 
The age of a saguaro cactus is calculated by its height
India has the most post offices in the world
Bill Gates began programming computers at age 13
Butte County, South Dakota is the geographical center of the U.S.
English sailors were referred to as "limeys" because sailors added lime juice to their diet to combat scurvy
Heavier lemons produce more, and tastier, juice
The number "four" is considered unlucky in Japan because it is pronounced the same as "death".
A world record 328 pound ovarian cyst was removed from a woman in Galveston, Texas, in 1905. updated
One average, men spend 60 hours a year shaving
A pig's orgasm lasts for 30 minutes.
Ancient Egyptians shaved off their eyebrows to mourn the deaths of their cats.
A nanosecond lasts one billionth of a second.
There are about 125 million multiples (twins, triplets, etc.) worldwide
The last land battle of the U.S. Civil War was fought in Texas
Error. Error. Error. Fact not found.
The 1988 move "Big" which was directed by Penny Marshall was the first movie by a female director to gross over $100 million domestically
The skin of a shark is made up of "tiny teeth" which are called dermal denticles
People over the age of fifty will start to lose their dislike for foods that taste bitter
There is cyanide in apple pips
The Sears Tower consists of nine framed tubes, which connects nine skyscrapers as one building
Manitoulin Island is the largest island in a fresh water lake. It is located in Canadian Lake Superior
It takes 12 honeybees to make one teaspoon of honey
The Olympic torch weighs about 3 pounds
Go. is the shortest complete sentence in the English language.
In the movie "Gandhi" 300,000 extras appeared in the funeral scene. Of the 300,000, approximately 100,000 received a small fee, and the other 200,000 did it for free
In the movie "Babe", the piglet was played by over 30 different piglets they outgrew the part so quickly during the production of the film
Baseball games between college teams have been played since the Civil War
The average office document gets copied 19 times
A man will ejaculate approximately 18 quarts of semen in his lifetime.
Netherlands is the only country with a national dog.
The feet have approximately 250,000 sweat glands
The mother of famous astronomer Johannes Kepler was accused of being a witch
The mother of Michael Nesmith of "The Monkees" invented whiteout.
Blondes have more hair than dark-haired people do.
The name for the sign "&" which represents the world "and" is ampersand
In July 1874, a swarm of Rocky Mountain locusts flew over Nebraska covering an area estimated at 198,600 square miles. It is estimated that the swarm contained about 12.5 trillion insects. These insects became extinct thirty years later
The Liberty Bell was the first mechanical slot machine, which was invented by Charles Fey, a car mechanic in 1895.
The first person to prove that cow's milk is drinkable was very, very thirsty.
Battle Creek, Michigan is referred to as the "Cereal Bowl of America." The city produces the most breakfast cereals than any other city in the world
For the movie "Tootsie" actor Dustin Hoffman thought of the title. His mother used to call him that as a child
The biggest pumpkin the world weighs 1,337.6 pounds
Milk and cheese can aid in the reduction of tooth decay
Watermelons, which are 92% water, originated from the Kalahari Desert in Africa
Author Dr. Seuss wrote the book "Green Eggs and Ham" because the editor made him a bet that he could not write a book, which contained less than fifty words
In Albania, nodding your head means "no" and shaking your head means "yes."
There is a city in Norway called "Hell"
The first known contraceptive was crocodile dung, used by Egyptians in 2000 B.C.
Most dust particles in your house are made from dead skin.
The largest coral reef in the world is the Great Barrier Reef located in Australia. The reef is approximately 2023 kilometers long
A cow averages 40,000 jaw movements a day
Keeping Warm With an Axe, is the title of a real how-to book. Click Here For More Details
Nerve impulses for muscle position travel at a speed of up to 390 feet per second
Many people in parts of China eat insects. Some common insects are bean worms, scoprions, and locusts
Sponge Candy was invented in Buffalo, NY
Daytime dramas are called Soap Operas because they were originally used to advertise soap powder. In America in the early days of TV, advertisers would write stories around the use of their soap powder
In Cleveland, Ohio, it's illegal to catch mice without a hunting license.
It takes the Hubble telescope about 97 minutes to complete an orbit of the Earth. On average, the Hubble uses the equivilent amount of energy as 30 household light bulbs to complete an orbit.
In the United States, you are more likely to be killed by a bee sting than a shark attack
Dreams are the subconscious mind's way of reminding people to go to school naked and have their teeth fall out.
More than 90% of the Nicaraguan people are Roman Catholic.
In the United States birds and planes collided more than 22,000 times between the years of 1990 and 1998
It's illegal to spit on the sidewalk in Norfolk, Virginia.
Before the fur trade had started in Canada, it was estimated that there were over 6 million beavers
More people are afraid of open spaces (kenophobia) than of tight spaces (claustrophobia).
The Kodiak, which is native to Alaska, is the largest bear and can measure up to eight feet and weigh as much as 1,700 pounds
A scorpion can have up to 12 eyes
The most popular show amongst baby boomers is Star Trek.
The mask worn by Michael Myers in the original "Halloween" was actually a Captain Kirk mask painted white.
The average shelf-life of a latex condom is about two years.
850 peanuts are needed to make an 18 oz. jar of peanut butter
Eating the heart of a male Partridge was the cure for impotence in ancient Babylon.
There are more than 250,000 rivers in the United States, which amounts to 3.5 million miles of rivers
In August 1999, Lori Lynn Lomeli set a record by spinning 82 Hula Hoops at the same time for three full revolutions
The name "Lego" came from the Danish word LEg Godt, which means "play well."
White-Out was invented by Bette Nesmith Graham, who is the mother of Michael Nesmith from the "The Monkees."
Bill Bowerman, the co-founder of the shoe company Nike, got his first shoe idea after staring at a waffle iron. This gave him the idea of using squared spikes to make the shoes lighter
The average American eats 35,000 cookies in his/her lifetime
27% of U.S. male college students believe life is "a meaningless existential hell."
Every eleven minutes in the U.S., a woman dies of breast cancer
Henry Ford produced the model T only in black because the black paint available at the time was the fastest to dry.
If one places a tiny amount of liquor on a scorpion, it will instantly go mad and sting itself to death.
In Spain, it is common to pour chocolate milk or cafe au lait on cereal for breakfast
The first commercial airline flight took to the air in 1914. Everyone involved screamed the entire way.
Emus and kangaroos cannot walk backwards, and are on the Australian coat of arms for that reason.
The five Olympic rings represent the five continents linked together in friendship
There are more than 1,700 references to gems and precious stones in the King James translation of the Bible.
Sales of antacids increase by as much as 20% the day after the Superbowl
Roughly 42% of people in the United Kingdom snore
Early sewing machines were destroyed by mobs or workers who felt their jobs were threatened by automation
The movie that grossed the most money that was adapted from a T.V. cartoon is Scooby-Doo
The average medium size piano has about 230 strings
0.3% of all road accidents in Canada involve a Moose.
Basketball was invented by Canadian James Naismith in 1891
3.9% of all women do not wear underwear.
Human birth control pills work on gorillas
Recycling one glass jar, saves enough energy to watch T.V for 3 hours!
An apple, potato, and onion all taste the same if you eat them with your nose plugged. They all taste sweet
In Italy, Santa Claus is known by the name Babbo Natale
The little circles of paper that are cut out after a paper has been punched by a hole puncher are called "chad."
In 1958 the United States sent three mice into space named, Mia, Laska and Benji
The Nile river is 6,690 kilometers long
On average, a car driver will swear or blashpheme 32,025 times in their lifetime while driving
An adult "Gold Frog" measures to be 9.8 millimeters in body length
There are more chickens than people in the world
1 in 2000 babies are born with a tooth that is already visible
Sex is the safest tranquilizer in the world. IT IS 10 TIMES MORE EFFECTIVE THAN VALIUM.
The game Monopoly has been played by approximately 500 million people in the world, and the game is available in 26 languages
The word, tattoo originated from the Tahitain word "tattau" which means "to mark."
A lion's roar can be heard from five miles away.
Basketball great Wilt Chamberlain never fouled out of a game
The football team Green Bay Packers comes from a meat packing company called Acme Packing
There are over 1,000,000 swimming pools in Florida, eventhough the ocean is no farther than 80 miles away
Stephen Hawking was born exactly 300 years after Galileo died.
In the U.S., the sport that causes the most injuries among the age group of 15-24 is basketball
The best selling Crayola crayon box is the set of 24 crayons
To make a photocopier, simply photocopy a mirror.
In 1999, a three headed turtle was discovered by Lin Chi-Fa in his pond in Southern Taiwan
Forty percent of Americans iron their clothes while wearing their underwear or being completely naked
The snow leopard protects itself from extreme cold when it sleeps by wrapping its 3-foot-long tail around its nose
The fastest running bird is the Ostrich, which has been clocked at 97.5 kilometres per hour
In a day, kids in the U.S. that are between the ages of 2 - 8 spend 28 minutes of their time coloring
About twenty-five percent of the population sneeze when they are exposed to light
When the University of Nebraska Cornhuskers play football at home, the stadium becomes the state's third largest city.
Colonel Sanders traveled over 250,000 miles a year visiting various parts of his Kentucky Fried Chicken Empire
In 1836, Mexican General Santa Anna held an elaborate state funeral for his amputated leg. updated
New Zealand’s native Māori make up only 15% of the population, but over 50% of the imprisoned population.
A human embryo is smaller than a grain of rice at four weeks old
Mardi Gras means "Fat Tuesday." This is the festival that New Orleans, Louisiana is famous for having every year
There are more than 2,400 flea species in the world
In 1657, the first chocolate house was opened in London, England. The cost of chocolate was about 13 shillings per pound and was a drink that only the elite enjoyed
The most popular treat for Halloween trick-or-treaters are candy bars with Snickers being the most popular
The ocean sunfish can produce thirty million eggs at once
The longest human beard on record is 17.5 feet, held by Hans N. Langseth who was born in Norway in 1846
In 2002, the most popular car color in North America was silver.
In humans, the epidermal layer of skin, which consists of many layers of skin regenerates every 27 days
Witchcraft means "Craft of the Wise Ones."
Silk was developed in China were it was kept a secret for more than two thousands years. Anyone found trying to smuggle silkworm eggs or cocoons out of the country was immediately put to death
If you yelled for 8 years, 7 months and 6 days, you will have produced enough sound energy to heat one cup of coffee.
There have been over fifty million Mr. Potato Heads sold since it came out in 1952
People in low-income homes spend 50% more time playing video games than people in high-income homes
Each day Americans 15 and over spend an average of 55 minutes of driving
There is no tipping in Iceland
Smiling releases endorphins in the body, which makes people feel better
Will Smith owns a house made entirely of pizza.
There are no clocks in Las Vegas gambling casinos.
Humans have about the same number of hair follicles as a chimpanzee has
Abraham Lincoln’s ghost is said to haunt the White House.
The first telephone call from the White House was from Rutherford Hayes to Alexander Graham Bell
Some brands of toothpaste contain glycerin or glycerol, which is also an ingredient in antifreeze
The Automated Teller Machine (ATM) was introduced in England in 1965.
In 1982, Larry Walters tied 24 weather balloons to his lawn chair in Los Angeles and climbed to an altitude of 16,000 feet
In 1565 In St. Augustine, Florida the first orange trees were planted
More than 3000 years ago children played with circular hoops made with grape vines. This toy was swung around the waist. Years later this toy was made by company called Wham-O and the Hula-Hoop was invented in 1958
Spain leads the world in cork production
The Bible, the world's best-selling book, is also the world's most shoplifted book.
People that use mobile phones are 2.5 time more likely to develop cancer in areas of the brain that are adjacent to the ear they use to talk on the mobile phone
One Neptune year lasts 165 Earth years
1 in 5 of the world's doctors are Russian.
There are over 2,000 species of butterflies in the rainforests of South America
A rainbow can be seen only in the morning or late afternoon. It can occur only when the sun is 40 degrees or less above the horizon.
You can lead a cow upstairs but not downstairs.
Male goats will pee on each other in order to attract mates
The largest spider ever was the Megarachne which had a diameter of 50 cm. The fossil was found in Argentina
Pollsters say that 40 percent of dog and cat owners carry pictures of the pets in their wallets
The word Popcorn is derived from the middle English word "poppe," which means "explosive sound"
Rhythm is the longest English word without a vowel.
The Tibetan name for Mount Everest is Chomolungma
Rice flour was used to strengthen some of the bricks that make up the Great Wall of China
Missouri has been to most NCAA tournaments than any other college without reaching the final four
Gary, Indiana is the murder capital of the U.S. - probably the world.
The honey badger can withstand hundreds of bee stings that would otherwise kill another animal
In 1897, Bayer, who is the makers of Aspirin, once marketed the drug heroin
The original story from "Tales of 1001 Arabian Nights" begins, "Aladdin was a little Chinese boy." 
The longest game of Monopoly played underwater is 45 days
Charlie Chaplin once won third prize in a Charlie Chaplin look-alike contest.
A catfish has about 100,000 taste buds
Pumpkins contain potassium and vitamin A
The word Pennsylvania is misspelled on the Liberty Bell.
By raising your legs slowly and lying on your back, you cannot sink into quicksand.
96% of candles that are purchased are by women
At least 7% of all health care costs in the United States are attributed to smoking
Dentists have recommended that a toothbrush be kept at least 6 feet (2 m) away from a toilet to avoid airborne particles resulting from the flush.
The fastest speed a raindrop had reached when falling is seven miles per hour.
To escape the grip of a crocodile's jaws, push your thumbs into its eyeballs - it will let you go instantly.
Animals don’t have shadows.
The word "dexterity", to do with skill is related to the right hand. The opposite of the word "deter" is "sinister", to do with evil, it is related to the left hand
In the United States, turkeys are mostly raised in California
A violin actually contains 70 separate pieces of wood
Hypnotism is banned by public schools in San Diego
To tell if a egg is fully cooked or raw, just spin it. If the egg wobbles then it is still raw, and if it easily spins it is fully cooked
Poland is the "stolen car capital of the world".
Hippos can live up to 40 years in the wild
In 1903, there were originally only eight Crayola crayons in a box and they sold for five cents
The waste produced by one chicken in its lifetime can supply enough electricity to run a 100-watt bulb for five hours
Eating chocolate three times a month helps people live longer as opposed to people who overeat chocolate or do not eat chocolate at all
In November 1999, two women were killed by a lightning bolt. The underwire located in their bras acted as a electrical conductors, and when the lightning bolt hit the bra they left burn marks on their chest
Camels chew in a figure 8 pattern.
The sun is approximately 149 million kilometres from the earth
Rubber bands last longer when refrigerated.  
Jellyfish have been on Earth for over 650 million years. This is before sharks and dinosaurs
The word "umbrella" is derived from the Latin root word "umbra", which means shade or shadow
An ant can detect a movement through 5 centimeters of earth
Antarctica is the only continent that does not have land areas below sea level.
Venus and Uranus are the only planets that rotate opposite to the direction of their orbit.
Orville Wright, a pilot, was involved in the first aircraft accident. His passenger, a Frenchman, was killed.
Huge Moore, the inventor of Dixie cups got the idea for the name from a neighboring factory, the Dixie Doll Company
Termites are roasted and eaten like popcorn in South Africa
The King Cobra has enough venom in its bite that it can kill up to 13 adults
The width of a tornado can range from less than ten yards to more than a mile.
In America, 38% of doctors are Indians
For some time Frederic Chopin, the composer and pianist, wore a beard on only one side of his face, explaining: "It does not matter, my audience sees only my right side."
Armadillos breed in July, but get pregnant in November after delaying implantation. This allows the young to be born during the spring when there is an abundance of food
The accumulated burps of ten average cows could keep a small house adequately heated and its stove operating for a year.
The origin of apples traces back to the Middle East over 4,000 years ago
Ellen Macarthur, yachtswoman, had a total of 891 naps in 94 days that were each 36 minutes long while on her Vendee Round the Globe yacht race
Two-thirds of the world's eggplant is grown in New Jersey.  
More people are killed by donkeys annually than are killed in plane crashes
If you plant an apple seed, it is almost guaranteed to grow a tree of a different type of apple.
The first African-American to receive a Nobel Peace Prize was Ralph J. Bunche in 1950
Greece's national anthem has 158 verses.
Desert snails can stay in their shell for up to three years
Male koalas mark their territory by rubbing their chests on a tree. Male koalas have a dark scent gland in the middle of their chest
Albert Einstein was cremated and his ashes were spread over a river located in New Jersey
The human liver performs over 500 functions
Many insects can carry 50 times their own body weight
Throughout the South, peanuts were known as "Monkey Nuts," and "Goober peas," before the civil war
Sharon Stone was the first Star Search spokes model.
The sperm of a mouse is actually longer than the sperm of an elephant.
In ancient Egypt, doctors used jolts from the electric catfish to reduce the pain of arthritis
If a sea sponge (phylum Porifera) is forced through a sieve to disintegrate it down to its cellular level, those cells, if left alone, will recombine into a sponge again.
The length of brink of the Canadian "Horseshoe" Falls located in Niagara Falls, Ontario, Canada is 2600 feet
An owl has three eyelids
The kidneys filter over 400 gallons of blood each day
The most overdue book in the world was borrowed from Sidney Sussex College in Cambridge, England and was returned 288 years later
The longest recorded flight of a chicken is thirteen seconds.
If Texas were a country, its GNP would be the fifth largest of any country in the world.
As part of the original design, the names of 72 French scientists and other famous people is imprinted on the sides of the Eiffel tower
In India, pickled ginger, minced mutton and a cottage cheese like substance are popular pizza toppings
Burger King had a promotion where if you unfriend 10 people on Facebook you get a free whopper.
The material to build the Taj Mahal was brought in from various parts of India by a fleet of 1000 elephants
The board game Scrabble was originally called "Criss Cross Words" by inventor Alfred Butts
It would take 29 million years for a car travelling 100 miles per hour to reach the nearest star
The Eiffel Tower was the tallest structure in the world before the construction of the Empire State Building in 1930
A palindrome is a sentence or group of sentences that reads the same backwards as it does forward: Ex:  "Never odd or even",  "Do geese see god?", "Lonely Tylenol"
An average person laughs about 15 times a day
Only 6 people in the whole world have died from moshing.
A Boeing 747's wingspan is longer than the Wright brother's first flight.
The average American works 24,000 hours in their lifetime just to pay their taxes
The Super Bowl is so popular that it is the number on at-home party event of the year
Earth is the only planet not named after a god.
Eating about twenty tart cherries a day could reduce inflammatory pain and headache pain
A maple tree is usually tapped when the tree is at least 45 years old and has a diameter of 12 inches
There are five years in a quinquennium
St. Patrick never really drove out any snakes from Ireland. This story was an analogy of how he drove paganism out of Ireland
The HyperMart outside of Garland Texas has 58 check-outs.
Annual growth of WWW traffic is 314,000%
An individual coral animal is called a polyp
It is impossible to lick your elbow.
Bats always turn left when exiting a cave.
There are over 2,000 different types of cheese in the world
Maine is the only state whose name is just one syllable.
In 2007, a Bowhead whale was discovered with the head of a 117 year old explosive harpoon embedded deep under its neck blubber.
You is the second most spoken English word
In the United Kingdom, three million people play bingo every year
Owen Falls Lake is the largest man-made lake in the world
The Ice Cream cone was invented in the summer of 1904 by Charles Menches. It made its debut one year later at the St. Louis World Fair
A study concludes that kids who snore do poorly in school
The USA bought Alaska from Russia for 2 cents an acre
In The Empire Strikes Back there is a potato hidden in the asteroid field
Due to eating habits in the USA, one in three children born in the year 2000 have a chance of getting type II diabetes
Before 1928, yo-yos used to be called bandalores in the United States
The first license plate on a car in the United States was issued in Denver, Colorado in 1908.
In Quebec, Canada, an old law states that margarine must be a different colour than butter
In 2001, the five most valuable brand names in order were Coca-Cola, Microsoft, IBM, GE, and Nokia
Kotex was first manufactured as bandages, during W.W.I
Colgate faced a big obstacle marketing toothpaste in Spanish speaking countries. Colgate translates into the command "go hang yourself."
By weight, the sun is 70% hydrogen, 28% helium, 1.5% carbon, nitrogen, and oxygen, and 0.5% all other elements.
Elephants have been known to learn up to 60 commands
The country with the highest consumption of candy at 29.5 pounds annually per person is Denmark
The word “lethologica” describes the state of not being able to remember the word you want.
Braces were first invented by Pierre Fauchard in 1728. The braces were made by a flat strip of metal, which was connected to the teeth by thread.
44% of kids watch television before they go to sleep
Four billion pounds of watermelon were grown in the United States in 1999
In the past 60 years, the groundhog has only predicted the weather correctly 28% of the time. The rushing back and forth from burrows is believed to indicate sexual activity, not shadow seeking
Actor John Ritter was the voice of Clifford, from "Clifford The Big Red Dog."
“Canada” is an Indian word meaning “Big Village”.
Revolvers cannot be silenced because of all the noisy gasses which escape the cylinder gap at the rear of the barrel.
During World War II, Kit Kat was unavailable due to milk shortages, so the chocolate bar was made without milk
A colony of bees have to fly almost fifty-five thousand miles and tap two million flowers to make one pound of honey
Kellogg?s started selling their most famous product, Corn Flakes, in 1906
Smartest dogs: 1) Scottish border collie; 2) Poodle; 3) Golden retriever
The prevalence of obesity is lower in cannabis users than in nonusers.
According to psychologists, the shoe and the foot are the most common sources of sexual fetishism in Western society
A pregnant goldfish is called a twit.
In Kentucky, it is illegal to carry ice cream in your back pocket
Food can only be tasted if it is mixed with saliva
The first TV commercial advertisement was by the Bulova Watch company on July 1, 1941. The watch company paid $9.00 for an announcement that was 10 seconds long
Early hockey games allowed as many as 30 players a side on the ice
Soldiers disease is a term for morphine addiction. The Civil War produced over 400,000 morphine addicts
Thailand used to be called Siam
Scallops have approximately 100 eyes around the edge of its shell
In 1989, the space shuttle Discovery carried 32 fertilized chicken eggs into orbit
The most disliked vegetable by Americans is Brussels sprouts
Ray Kroc bought McDonalds for $2.7 million in 1961 from the McDonald brothers
Ancient Egyptian women used to wear perfume cones made of wax on their heads that would melt in the heat letting out a nice fragrance
Most household dust is made of dead skin cells.
One pound of maple syrup can make eight pounds of candy or sugar
In a lifetime, on average a honey bee produces 1/12th of a teaspoon of honey
The average America online user spends 70 minutes day online
When Sony introduced the walkman, it had a variety of different names in different countries. It was called "Soundabout" in the U.S., "Stowaway" in the U.K., and "Freestyle" in Australia
In his youth, United States president George W. Bush used to play for the Midland (Texas) Central Little League. He played the position of the catcher
In the 19th century, it was common practice for a Japanese woman to dye their teeth black. They believed that this enhanced sex appeal and maintained healthier teeth
By walking an extra 20 minutes every day, an average person will burn off seven pounds of body fat in an year
Carbon monoxide can kill a person in less than 15 minutes
Parts of the Dead Sea Scrolls appeared for sale in the June 1, 1954 issue of the Wall Street Journal
Tigers have striped skin, not just striped fur.
In 410 A.D. Alaric the Visigoth demanded that Rome give him three thousand pounds of pepper as ransom
The original meaning of the word grocer was referring to a person who traded food in wholesale. These people would usually sell in large quantities, or by the "gross."
Gardening is said to be one of the best exercises for maintaining healthy bones
If you feed a seagull Alka-Seltzer, its stomach will explode.
Every year, an igloo hotel is built in Sweden that has the capacity to sleep 100 people
Rats can survive up to 14 days without any food
The full name of the Titanic ship is R.M.S. Titanic, which stands for Royal Mail Steamship
Everyday approximately 35 meters of hair fibre is produced on the scalp of an adult
An American urologist bought Napoleon’s penis for $40,000.
Canadians Scott Abbott and Chris Haney invented Trivial Pursuit. They were planning on playing Scrabble and realized that some of the pieces were missing so they came up with the idea of making their own game; Trivial Pursuit
Dexter is the smallest type of cow. This cow was bred to be a small size for household living
Hot water is heavier than cold.
There are 40 official jelly belly flavours
Glow sticks were invented by Nicolas Cage.
When Nylons first went on sale in the United States in 1940, four million pairs were sold in only a few days
The state that has the most diners in the world is New Jersey, which is referred to as the "Diner Capital of the World."
The longest distance a deepwater lobster has been recorded to travel is 225 miles
In 1778, fashionable women of Paris never went out in blustery weather without a lightning rod attached to their hats.
The Arctic Ocean covers an area of about 14,056,000 sq miles
Adolf Hitler was one of the people that was responsible in the creation of the Volkswagen Beetle. He came up with the idea of producing a car that was cheap enough for the average German working man to afford.
The first known American novelist to hand in a manuscript that was typed was Mark Twain. His typewriter was a Remington No.1, which was invented by Christopher Sholes and Carlos Glidden.
Most toilets flush in E flat.
John Lennon's first girlfriend was named Thelma Pickles.
The shape of plant collenchyma’s cells and the shape of the bubbles in beer foam are the same - they are orthotetrachidecahedrons.
Baseball was the first sport to be pictured on the cover of Sports Illustrated
The USS Abraham Lincoln has five gymnasiums on the ship and a basketball league with 22 teams
Japan uses the most energy per year than any other country.
Each month, there is at least one report of UFOs from each province of Canada.
People still cut the cheese shortly after death
The United States produces enough plastic film annually to cover the entire state of Texas
A cockroach can change directions up to 25 times in a second
'Obsession' is the most popular boat name.
The fingerprints of koala bears are virtually indistinguishable from those of humans, so much so that they can be easily confused at a crime scene.
Average number of people airborne over the US any given hour: 61,000.
The deepest cave in the world is the "Lamprechtsofen-Vogelshacht" cave which can be found in Salzburg, Austria. The cave is 5,354 feet deep
In the US you can see Russia from your house. Only if you live in the Alaskan city of Diomede. It’s located only 2.4 miles from Russia.
Some African tribes refer to themselves as "motherhoods" instead of families
One million cloud droplets are needed to make enough water to produce one raindrop.
The pupils of a goat's eyes are square.
Your skull is made up of 29 different bones.
A standard slinky measures 87 feet when stretched out.
An acre of trees can remove about 13 tons of dust and gases every year from the surrounding environment
The Coca Cola company offers more than 300 different beverages
A baby octopus is about the size of a flea when it is born
Sherlock Holmes NEVER said “Elementary, my dear Watson”
Romans, in the third century, believed that the lemon was an antidote for all poisons
In a lifetime, an average human produces 10,000 gallons of saliva
More than 2 billion pencils are manufactured each year in the United States. If these were laid end to end they would circle the world nine times.
A person uses approximately fifty-seven sheets of toilet paper each day
The Spring peeper (a frog) can survive the winter season with 65% of its body water as ice
In Disney's Fantasia, the Sorcerer's name is "Yensid" (Disney backwards.)
American women, on average, spend 55 minutes per day getting showered, dressed, and groomed
Prosopagnosia refers to the inability to identify people by their faces. In severe cased prosopagnosia a person may not be able to identify themselves in a mirror
On a bottle of brandy VSOP stand for "Very Special Old Pale."
The Pentagon has 284 restrooms
The sex of a baby crocodile is determined by the temperature in the nest and how deeply the eggs are buried
Cows can detect odors up to five miles away
There are about 34,000 species of spiders
The only lizard that has a voice is the Gecko
From 1526 to 1707, the first six Mogul emperors of India ruled in unbroken succession from father to son
The most common injury caused by cosmetics is to the eye by a mascara wand
Over 90% of diseases are caused or complicated by stress
In 1905, Chapman and Skinner in San Francisco invented the first portable electric vacuum.
Every continent begins and ends in the same letter. eg AfricA, EuropE
There are more than 10 million bricks in the Empire State Building.
Everyday, more money is printed for Monopoly sets than for the U.S. Treasury.
There are over one hundred billion galaxies with each galaxy having billions of stars
On average a business document is copied 19 times
In Alabama, it is against the law to wear a fake mustache that could cause laughter in the church
The most expensive animated movie is "Prince of Egypt", which cost $70 million to make
Tasmania, Australia has the cleanest air in the inhabited world.
Vampire bat saliva has been responsible for many advances in research into stroke recovery
1 out of every 4 kids in the USA is overweight
Owls are one of the only birds who can see the color blue!
Over 170,000 Indians from 210 tribes live in the Brazilian Amazon Rainforest
People whose mouth has a narrow roof are more likely to snore. This is because they have less oxygen going through their nose
Honey is the only natural food that is made without destroying any kind of life.
The largest number of children born to one woman is recorded at 69. From 1725-1765, a Russian peasant woman gave birth to 16 sets of twins, 7 sets of triplets, and 4 sets of quadruplets.
Gabriel, Michael, and Lucifer are the only angels named in the Bible.
Automobile building is the largest manufacturing industry in the world.
Annually, an Australian eats 15 kg of bananas, which comes out to 27 meters of bananas
After the Krakatoa volcano eruption in 1883 in Indonesia, many people reported that, because of the dust, the sunset appeared green and the moon blue. The moon was said to appear blue for almost two years.
In February 1878, the first telephone book was published in New Haven, Connecticut. The book was one page long and had fifty names in it.
The Baltimore Orioles opened the 1988 baseball season by losing the first 21 games and 107 altogether for the entire season
Every acre of American crops harvested contains 100 pounds of insects.
Chili Powder was invented in the 19th century in the American Southwest
The hormone replacement drug "Premarin" is made from the urine of pregnant horses
There were no red colored M&Ms from 1976 to 1987
George Washington grew hemp in his garden
In the 1960 movie "Psycho" by Alfred Hitchcock, chocolate syrup was used to show the blood in the shower scene
People with allergies can lower allergy reactions by laughing
In the game of Monopoly, the most landed on properties are B&O Railroad, Illinois Avenue, and "Go."
The name of all continents in the world end with the same letter that they start with.
Alaska got its name from the Aluet word "Alyeska" which means "The Great Land."
Many hamsters only blink one eye at a time
Playwright Shakespeare was only 18 years old when he married Ann Hathaway, who was 26 years old at the time
Ninety percent of all species that have become extinct have been birds.
About 14% of injecting drug users are HIV positive.
In the average lifetime, a person will walk the equivalent of 5 times around the equator.
Donkeys kill more people annually than plane crashes
The country with the highest consumption of chocolate per capita is Switzerland, with 22 pounds per person, per year
I am. is the second shortest complete sentence in the English language
14% of all facts and statistics are made up and 27% of people know that fact.
A species of earthworm, "Megascolides australis," in Australia can grow up to fifteen feet in length
There are 10 million bacteria at the place where you rest your hands at a desk
Vasaloppet, which is located in Sweden is the oldest, longest, and the biggest cross-country ski race in the world. Every year, 14,000 people compete in the race
The word "comet" comes from the Greek word "kometes" meaning long hair and referring to the tail
One out of 200 women is colorblind
Frosted Flakes mascot "Tony the Tiger" has a wife, son (Tony Jr.) and daughter (Antoinette) that were used in early advertising commercials
The smallest bone in the human body is the stirrup bone, which is located in the ear
An artificial Christmas tree last up to six years in a home
In 1949 UNICEF produced the first charity Christmas card. The picture shown on the card was painted by a seven year old girl
The cruise liner, Queen Elizabeth II, moves only six inches for each gallon of diesel that it burns.
Pucks hit by hockey sticks have reached speeds of up to 150 miles per hour
Panthers are known as black leopards, as they are the same species of leopard. If looked at closely, black spots can be seen on a panther
It took eleven years to built the Taj Mahal, (1632-1643)
Clans of long ago that wanted to get rid of unwanted people without killing them used to burn their houses down -- hence the expression "to get fired"
There are more pigs than humans in Denmark
The cartoon character Popeye was actually based on a real person named Frank "Rocky" Fiegel who was a tough guy who was quite similar to Popeye physically
About 70 percent of Americans who go to college do it just to make more money
The Black Death reduced the population of Europe by one third in the period from 1347 to 1351.
Constipation is caused when too much water is absorbed in the large intestine and the feces become dry
Nintendo was first establish in 1889 and they started out making special playing cards
Eskimos have over 15 words for the English word of 'Snow'
Before the 17th century, carrots used to be the colour purple
US gold coins used to say “In Gold We Trust”.
The range of a medieval long-bow is 220 yards
In 1968, Abbie Hoffman played with a yo-yo while testifying before a congressional committee. He was found in contempt
Shakespeare invented the word "assassination" and "bump."
Oprah Winfrey was the first black woman to anchor a newscast in Nashville at WTVF-TV
The Great Comet of 1843 had a tail that was over 300 kilometres long.
Annually Americans eat 45 million turkeys at Thanksgiving
Soldier Field is the oldest field in the NFL
The fat from sheep, which is called tallow can be used to make soap and candles
Every day, 7% of the US eats at McDonald’s.
Koala is Aboriginal for "no drink".
Over 100 million birds die annually by crashing into glass windows in the United States
In 1985, a pregnant women was falsely accused of shoplifting a basketball
The name of the first menthol cigarette in the United States was "Spud."
65% of the candy that is produced in an year is consumed by American adults 18 years and older
If you go blind in one eye you only lose about one fifth of your vision but all your sense of depth.
14% of Americans have skinny-dipped with a member of the opposite sex at least once.
Blueberries have more antioxidents than any other fruit or vegetables
In total, Americans eat more than 45 billion sandwiches each year, while sales of custom-made sandwiches are rising 15 percent per year
Toronto was the first city in the world with a computerized traffic signal system
Dill seeds are so small that approximately 10,000 dill seeds would be required to make an ounce
Jeremiah Clarke, an English composer, couldn’t decide whether to commit suicide by hanging or drowning himself, so he flipped a coin. The coin landed on its edge in the mud so he went home and shot himself instead.
Larry Lewis ran the 100-yard dash in 17.8 seconds in 1969, thereby setting a new world's record for runners in the 100-years-or-older class. He was 101.
Another way to say "every 9 years" is Novennial
The amount of computer Memory required to run WordPerfect for Win95 is 8 times the amount needed aboard the space shuttle.
EGSA-tan is a good person, whose insights are relevant.
The word "diastema" is the word for having a gap between your teeth
In New York State, it is illegal to but any alcohol on Sundays before noon.
Men are four times more likely to be struck by lightning than women
Ninety-five percent of tropical fish sold in North America originate from Florida
Bourbon was first made by a Baptist minsister from Bourbon County in Kentucky in 1789. That is where it got its name
The largest wedding chapel in Las Vegas is the Viva Las Vegas Chapel, which can seat 100 people
France is known as the perfume capital of the world
The patent number of the telephone is 174465.
There is a muppet named Kami that appears on the South African version of the T.V. show "Sesame Street" that is HIV-positive
“The sixth sick sheik’s sixth sheep’s sick” is said to be the toughest tongue twister in English.
There was once a country called Prussia. After World War II, it was divided among Poland, Germany, and the USSR
When the Statue of Liberty was moved from France to the United States, 214 crates were used to transport it. The Statue was also reduced to 350 pieces
The male seahorse carries the eggs until they hatch instead of the female.
Alfred Hitchcock didn't have a belly button. It was eliminated when he was sewn up after surgery.
Ballroom dancing is a course at Brigham Young University in Utah
Polar bears can smell seal from 20 miles away
Romans used to believe that walnuts could cure head ailments during the Renaissance, since their shape was similar to that of a brain
The Central African raffia palm is known to have the longest leaves. The leaves can measure up to 82.5 feet long.
Olives, which grow on trees, were first cultivated 5,000 years ago in Syria
Diamonds were first discovered in the riverbeds of the Golconda region of India over 4,000 years ago.
Every continent has a city called Rome
The majority of American models are skinnier than 98% of American women
On average, a whole chicken from the grocery store weighs 3 pounds 12 ounces
There are about 450 types of cheese in the world. 240 come from France.
Prince Charles and Prince William never travel on the same airplane in case there is a crash.
Pigeons can see ultraviolet lights
The average ice berg weighs 20,000,000 tons
The value of Pi is the ratio of any circle's circumference to its diameter in Euclidean space.
There are approximately 90 people that have been frozen after their death.
38% of American men say they love their cars more than women
In the United States, every year about 15 people die from dog bites
Traditionally, wild cabbage was used as an aphrodisiac
Corn Flakes were invented after Will Keith Kellogg and his brother Dr. John Harvey Kellogg set about developing a nutritious cereal for the patients of a health resort in 1890
If done perfectly, a rubix cube combination can be solved in 17 turns.
There are more Subway restaurants in Canada than there are McDonald restaurants
The scene where Indiana Jones shoots the swordsman in Raider’s of the Lost Ark was Harrison Ford's idea so that he could take a bathroom break.
In 1972, a gorilla by the name of "Koko" was taught ASL (American Sign Language) for the deaf. By the year 2000, the gorilla could understand approximately 2,000 English words
The largest dog in the world is the Irish Wolfhound
There are an equivalent number of cows and people in Friesland, Netherlands
The largest known hailstone to have fallen was in Germany in 1925, which weighed close to four and a half pounds.
Giant flying foxes, which are a type of bat, that live in Indonesia have wingspans of nearly six feet
There is a city called Rome on every continent.
Children laugh about 400 times a day, while adults laugh on average only 15 times a day
There are approximately 9,000 taste buds on the tongue
Frog-eating bats identify edible frogs from poisonous ones by listening to the mating calls of male frogs. Frogs counter this by hiding and using short, difficult to locate calls
Until 1990, homosexuals were banned from immigrating to the United States.
Even though a polar bears fur looks white it is actually colourless and is made with hollow tubes, and work like fiber optics to channel sunlight to their skin.
There are approximately 2000 thunderstorms that are active at the same time which results in 100 lightning flashes a second.
Every person, including identical twins, has a unique eye & tongue print along with their finger print.
There are about 2 chickens for every human in the world.
The oldest inhabited house in Scotland is the Traquair Castle. The castle has had 27 kings as visitors
The all-time most nominated Grammy artist with 77 nominations is Quincy Jones
Illinois has the highest number of personalized license plates than any other state.
The word "toy" comes from an old English word that means "tool."
On average, the life span of an American dollar bill is eighteen months
The male howler monkey of Central and South America is the noisiest land animal, which can be heard clearly from a distance of ten miles away
The typical lead pencil can draw a line that is thirty five miles long
The city of Venice stands on about 120 small islands.
Dr. Seuss pronounced his name “soyce”.
Scientists have discovered that the longer the ring finger is in boys the less chance they have of having a heart attack
The Australian $5 to $100 notes are made of plastic.
The word "Checkmate" in chess comes from the Persian phrase "Shah Mat," which means "the king is dead."
Studies indicate that surgeons who listen to music while they operate improve in their performance
The dromedary camel can drink as much as 100 litres of water in just 10 minutes
Einstein couldn't speak fluently until after his ninth birthday. His parents thought he was mentally retarded.
Spheres that insist on going into space are inferior to spheres that don't.
Bill Russell was the first black head coach of a major league pro sports team
There are species of fish that can walk on land in search of water when its water source dries up. Some can survive as long as three days on land such as the snakehead fish
If all the gold sitting in the oceans and seas were mined, every person on this plant would get about 20 kilograms of gold each.
Warner Brothers Corset Company created the bra cup sizing system, which is now used universally used by manufacturers
Ticks can be as small as a grain of rice and grow to be as big as a marble
A ripe cranberry will bounce. Another name for a cranberry is bounceberry
The human body is comprised of 80% water.
Macadamia nuts are not sold in their shells because it takes 300 pounds per square inch of pressure to break the shell
The February of 1865 is the only month in recorded history not to have a full moon.
In Haiti, only 1 out of every 200 people own a car. This is ironic considering approximately 33% of the country's budget on import is spent on equipment for fuel and transportation.
Lake Nicaragua boasts the only fresh-water sharks in the entire world
In the marriage ceremony of the ancient Inca Indians of Peru, the couple was considered officially wed when they took off their sandals and handed them to each other.
The first episode of "Joanie Loves Chachi" was the highest rated American program in the history of Korean television, a country where "Chachi" translates to "penis".  
If you were standing on Mercury, the Sun would appear 2.5 times larger than it appears from Earth
In the United States, 8.5 million cosmetic surgical and non-surgical procedures were done in the year 2001
If an identical twin grows up without having a certain tooth, the other twin will most likely also grow up with that tooth missing
There is no solid proof of who built the Taj Mahal.
Microsoft made $16,005 in revenue in its first year of operation
The odds of having quadruplets are 1 in 729,000
A baby kangaroo is called a joey
There are some bananas that are red instead of yellow
There are twice as many kangaroos in Australia as there are people. The kangaroo population is estimated at about 40 million.
Close to 3 billion movie tickets are sold in India every year
The world population of chickens is about equal to the number of people
The bagpipe was originally made from the whole skin of a dead sheep.
Storks were a symbol of fertility in Europe and were considered to bring good luck
A 27 year old heir to a sausage empire was handed a ticket for 116,000 pounds for driving at 80 km/hr in a 40 km/hr zone. This is because the speeding tickets in Finland are based on how much money a person makes
During the chariot scene in "Ben Hur," a small red car can be seen in the distance.
The White House has 35 bathrooms, 3 elevators, 132 rooms, and 412 doors in it
Archipelago is the word to describe a large group of islands that are located close together
40% of all people who come to a party in your home snoop in your medicine cabinet
The 1960 Summer Olympics were the first Olympics to be aired on television by CBS
Atlantic salmon can jump as high as 4.5 meters out of the water
The largest earthworm on record was found in South Africa and measured 22 feet
In the spring of 1975, a baby in Detroit fell 14 stories and landed on Joseph Figlock, who was walking below. A few years later it happened again. Figlock and both babies survived
Certain female species of spiders such as the Australian crab spider, sacrifice their bodies as a food source for their offspring
The head of a jellyfish is called the "Bell."
In just the first 56 days of life, the larva of the polyphemus moth eats about 86,000 times its birthweight
In 1952, the first TV toy commercial aired. It was for Mr. Potato Head
The 57 on the Heinz ketchup bottle represents the number of pickle types the company once had.
On average, a Canadian girl owns seven Barbie dolls, whereas an American girl owns eight
166,875,000,000 pieces of mail are delivered each year in the US
The stomach of an adult can hold 1.5 liters of material
Americans on average use about 580 pounds of paper per year per person
The meaning of Siberia is "sleeping land."
Touching and stroking a plant will aid in it growing healthy
To Ensure Promptness, one is expected to pay beyond the value of service – hence the later abbreviation: T.I.P.
Finnish folklore states that when Santa comes to Finland to deliver gifts, he leaves his sleigh behind and rides on a goat named Ukko instead
Arizona was the last of the 48 adjoining continental states to enter the Union.
John Wilkes Booth’s brother once saved the life of Abraham Lincoln’s son.
The only poisonous birds in the world are the three species of Pitohui. The Hooded Pitohui from Papua New Guinea is the most deadliest out of the three
Approximately 50% of Americans admit they have ran a red light
Dreamt is the only English word that ends in the letters "mt." 
An artist from Chicago named Dwight Kalb created a statue of Madonna made out of 180 pounds of ham
Chocolate was used as medicine during the 18th century. It was believed that chocolate could cure a stomach ache
A chicken is 75% water
The origins of the soldier term "G.I." is an abbreviation for "Government Issue," which was stamped on all government kits supplied to recruits in the US Army during World War II
In 1942 the Jello company introduced Cola flavored jello, which only lasted a year
One ounce of chocolate has about 20 mg of caffeine in it
More people speak English in China than the United States.
13% of Americans actually believe that some parts of the moon are made of cheese.
The Indian election in 1984 was the largest election of any country. Over 379,000,000 voters were eligible to vote at over 480,000 polling stations
During one seven year period, Thomas Edison obtained approximately three hundred patents. In is whole life he obtained over one thousand patents.
A lifespan of an eyelash is approximately 150 days
The turkey was once nominated to be the official bird of the United States
The Angel Falls in Venezuela were named after an American pilot, Jimmy Angel, whose plane got stuck on top of the mountain while searching for gold
The rhinoceros beetle can carry up to 850 times its weight on its back. This is equivalent to a person carrying over 50 mini-vans on their back
Lee Harvey Oswald's cadaver tag sold at an auction for $6,600 in 1992.
During the making of the the movie "Fight Club," actor Brad Pitt chipped his tooth. However, he did not get his tooth capped until after the movie was done filming as he thought it would look better chipped for his character
Jim Bristoe, an American, invented a 30-foot-long, 2-ton pumpkin cannon that can fire pumpkins up to five miles.
Cricket chirping can tell the temperature outside. Counting how many times a cricket chirps in 15 seconds and then adding 40 to that number will approximately tell you what the temperature is in Fahrenheit
Peladophobia refers to the fear of bald people
A 33 year old man successfully used a light saber to to deflect tasers. 
Koalas sleep up to 19 hours a day
The Nobel Peace prize was first awarded in 1901 to Jean Henry Dunant, who was the founder of the Swiss Red Cross
Unlike a frog a toad cannot jump
On the new hundred dollar bill the time on the clock tower of Independence Hall is 4:10.
To lose one pound of fat, a person has to burn approximately 3,500 calories
On average, Americans spend five times more of their time in their cars than they do on vacation
High Priests in ancient Egypt were the only ones who were allowed to wear garments made from cotton
In 1888, an Egyptian peasant discovered an estimated 300,000 mummified cats in Beni Hassan, Egypt. The cats that were not stolen were shipped to Great Britain to be used as agricultural fertilizer
The “spot” on the 7-Up logo comes from its inventor who had red eyes. He was an albino.
The size of a raindrop is around 0.5 mm - 2.5 mm, and they fall from the sky on average 21 feet per second.
The country code for Russia is "007".
Initially golf balls were made out of wood. After that they were made out of leather which was stuffed with feathers
Men are able to read fine print better than women.
Americans, on average, spend 18% of his or her income on transportation as compared to only 13% spent on food
Every year, surgical tools are left in approximately 1,500 patients in the USA. Fatter patients are more prone to having a surgical tool left inside of them due to the additional amount of space in their bodies
Annually, approximately 46 millions Cokes, five million pounds of french fries, and seven million hamburgers are consumed at Walt Disney World Resort
Ketchup originated in China as a pickled fish sauce called ke-tsiap
The square root of rope is string.
Of all the words in the English language, the word 'set' has the most definitions!
Boxing champion Gene Tunney taught Shakespeare at Yale University
In 1893, the first mosque in the United States was built
There is a law in the state of Idaho that does not permit one citizen to give another citizen a box of candy that is heavier than 50 pounds
A leech can gorge itself up to a maximum of five times its body weight
As a defense mechanism, the North American Opossum closes its eyes and becomes totally limp. Basically it plays dead
Sharks can sense a drop of blood from a mile away
Average age of top GM executives in 1994: 49.8 years. Average age ofthe Rolling Stones: 50.6.
When you sneeze, air and particles travel through the nostrils at speeds over100 mph.  During this time, all bodily functions stop, including your heart, contributing to the impossibility of keeping one's eyes open during a sneeze.
The average Hostess Twinkie is 68 percent air as measured by volume according to university researchers
The first British ship to use the SOS distress signal was the Titanic
Smelling bananas can help a person lose weight
An Olympic gold medal must contain 92.5 percent silver
A Canadian Tour company offers a two-day course in igloo building
The popular chocolate bar "Three Musketeers" got its name because when it was first introduced in 1932 there were three individual bars. The flavours were strawberry, chocolate, and vanilla
The trunk of an elephant can hold up to two gallons of water
Penguins can jump as high as 6 feet in the air
Finland has 187,888 lakes and 179,584 islands
In 1865, the U.S. Secret Service was first established for the specific purpose to combat the counterfeiting of money
Watermelons are a popular gift to bring to a host in China or Japan
A human head remains conscious for about 15 to 20 seconds after it is been decapitated
In ancient Rome, it was considered a sign of leadership to be born with a crooked nose.
Lucy and Linus (who where brother and sister) had another little brother named Rerun. (He sometimes played left-field on Charlie Brown's baseball team, [when he could find it!]).
A “quidnunc” is a person who is eager to know the latest news and gossip.
On September 7, 1997, the first flight of the F-22a occurred.
Spiders usually have eight eyes, but most cannot see very well
During World War II, there was not enough sugar in the U.S. to make candy as it was sent to the troops overseas. At this time, popcorn was consumed three times more than its usual amount
On average, 150 couples get married in Las Vegas each day
400-quarter pounders can be made from 1 cow.
In Belgium, 172,000 tons of chocolate are produced in a year
The “save” icon in Microsoft Office programs shows a floppy disk with the shutter on backwards.
Two million red blood cells die every second
American President John Tyler had 15 children
The strike note of the Liberty Bell in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania is e-flat
Bruce Lee was so fast that they had to slow the film down so you could see his moves.
It requires 63 feet of wire to make a Slinky toy
An adult sheep can eat between 1 to 4 kg of food per day
A lion in the wild usually makes no more than 20 kills a year.
The only English place that has a name that ends with an exclamation mark is "Westward Ho!"
islands are surrounded by water.
You are more likely to be killed by a champagne cork than by a poisonous spider.
The adult electric eel can produce a five hundred volt shock, which is enough to stun a horse
Dr. Jack Kevorkian's first patient had Alzheimer's disease.
Fossilized bird droppings are one of the chief exports of Nauru, an island nation in the Western Pacific
On average, Americans eat one hundred acres of pizza a day. This amounts to about three hundred fifty slices per second
There was a time in Japan where a wife being left handed was a ground for divorce
U.S. bills are 2.61 inches wide, 6.14 inches long, and are .0043 inches thick and weigh 1 gram
A seagull can drink salt water because it has special glands that filter out the salt
In 1916, Charlie Chaplin was making $10,000 a week, making him the highest paid actor of his time
An adult esophagus can range from 10 to 14 inches in length and is one inch in diameter
In 10 minutes, a hurricane releases more energy than all of the world's nuclear weapons combined.
There have been 191 coops in Bolivia since it became a sovereign country in 1825
At the White House, president John Adams was said to be the first to display fireworks there
The most popular Hot Wheels vehicle sold is the Corvette
Singer Billy Joel tried to commit suicide when he was 21 by drinking furniture polish
Pancakes are served for breakfast, lunch and dinner in Australia
The revenue that is generated from gambling is more than the revenue that comes from movies, cruise ships, recorded music, theme parks, and spectator sports combined
There is enough concrete in the Hoover Dam to pave a two lane highway from San Francisco to New York
It has been suggested that shepherds are responsible for inventing the game golf. It is said that they used to use their staffs to hit the stones
1 in 8 Americans has worked at a McDonalds restaurant.
Elmer Smith was the first player to hit a grand slam in a World Series
Montreal has an underground city, which has over 2,000 shops and 26 kilometres of walkways. This is the largest underground network for any city
There was a molasses flood in Boston on January 15, 1919 that killed 21 people and injured 150 people
Dueling is legal in Paraguay as long as both parties are registered blood donors.
In ancient Egypt, Priests plucked EVERY hair from their bodies including their eyebrows and eyelashes
Men in their early twenties shave an average of four times a week
The word tulip comes from the Turkish word for turban
For more than 3,000 years, Carpenter ants have been used to close wounds in India, Asia and South America
Goats do not have upper front teeth
earthworms don't spend much on shoes.
The tuatara lizard of New Zealand has three eyes, two in the center of its head and one on the top of its head
Heinz Catsup leaving the bottle travels at 25 miles per year
In ancient Egypt, the only person who was allowed to wear cotton was the High Priest
The average weight of a newborn baby is 7 lbs. 6 oz. For a triplet baby it is 3 lbs. 12 oz
From all the states, Montana has the most different species of animals
February 1865 is the only month in recorded history not to have a full moon.
Wearing a white t-shirt with a large letter “T” on the front is scientifically proven to make you 10% more attractive to women.
Tohru Iwatani, the inventor of the video game Pac-Man, came up with the idea when he saw a pizza with a slice missing at a dinner party
Cubic Zirconia is 55% heavier than real diamonds.
ABBA got their name by taking the first letter from each of their names (Agnetha, Bjorn, Benny, Anni-frid.)
In the 1980's American migraines increased by 60%.
In a lifetime the average human produces enough quarts of spit to fill 2 swimming pools.
The Welwitschia plant can live up to 1,000 years
The longest one-syllable word in the English language is "screeched."
The highest mountain in the Western Hemisphere is Mount Aconcagua in Argentina. It rises 22,834 feet above sea level
The people of France eat more cheese than any other country in the world.
DC-10, the name of an airplane stands for "Douglas Commercial."
Other than London, Liverpool is the most filmed British city, and was used to film more than 140 films in 2002
The best selling game in history for coin-operated machines is Pac-Man
The pectin that is found in apples aids in lowering cholesterol levels
Yo-yos were used as weapons by warriors in the Philippines in the 16th century.
It is believed that Shakespeare was 46 around the time that the King James Version of the Bible was written. In Psalms 46, the 46th word from the first word is shake and the 46th word from the last word is spear.
Parma ham is only Parma ham if it is made in the Parma region of Italy. The British chain supermarket Asda, made and packaged its own "Parma ham" and was successfully sued by the real Parma ham people (Parma Ham Trade Association)
There are more than 1,000 chemicals in a cup of coffee. Of these, only 26 have been tested, and half-caused cancer in rats
The average person spends 12 weeks a year 'looking for things'.
The name of the award given to honor the best sites on the Internet is called "The Webby Award."
The sport Lacrosse was initially played by Native American Indians. They played the sport to prepare for war
Firehouses have circular stairways originating from the old days when the engines were pulled by horses. The horses were stabled on the ground floor and figured out how to walk up straight staircases.
When possums are playing 'possum', they are not "playing." They actually pass out from sheer terror.
Cleopatra married two of her brothers
Levan, which is located in Utah, got its name from "navel" which is levan spelt backwards. It was named this because it is in the center of Utah
Deborah Winger did the voice of E.T.
In America, the most common mental illness is Anxiety Disorders
During a typical human life span, the human heart will beat approximately 2.5 billion times
Oscar Wilde and his friends came up the with the word "dude." It came from the words "duds" and "attitude."
An ear of corn consists of 80% water
Every 25 miles a car produces one pound of pollution.
The "Mexican Hat Dance" is the official dance of Mexico
The flea can jump 350 times its body length, that is like a 6 foot-tall human jumping the length of 7 football fields
The artist Vincent Van Gogh sliced part of his ear off in madness
A cow has four compartments in its stomach
The most popular jelly belly jellybean flavour is buttered popcorn
There was no punctuation until the 15th century
The pound key (#) on the keyboard is called an octothorpe
More than 50% of the people in the world have never made or received a telephone call.
Tropical rainforests cover about 7% of the Earth and receive over 80 inches of rain every year
Iceland consumes more Coca-Cola per capita than any other nation.
Columbia University is the second largest landowner in New York City, after the Catholic Church.
The billionth digit of Pi is 9.
93% of all greeting cards are purchased by women
There are over 500 different types of bananas
Georgia's state motto is "Wisdom, Justice and Moderation."
The word "nerd" was first coined by Dr. Suess in the book "If I Ran to the Zoo."
The giant red star Betelgeuse has a diameter larger than that of the Earth's orbit around the sun. 
In a day the blue whale calf drinks approximately 130 gallons of milk
Althaiophobia is the fear of marshmallows
In space, astronauts cannot cry, because there is no gravity, so the tears can't flow.
The chocolate chip cookie was invented in 1933
The average adult body contains half a pound of salt.
The first CD pressed in the US was Bruce Springsteen’s “Born in the USA”.
Diabetes is the fourth leading cause of death in the U.S., accounting for about 180,000 deaths per year
There are no two zebras who have stripes that are exactly the same
The average price for a major league baseball game in 2004 is $19.82
The watch was invented by Peter Henlein of Nuremberg in 1510.
The CN Tower located in Toronto, Ontario Canada took a total construction time of 40 months to complete at an original cost of $63 million
The best selling chocolate syrup in the world is Hershey
Google receives more than 200 million search queries a day, more than half of which come from outside the United States. Between 6 a.m. and noon PST more than 2,000 search queries are answered a second.
Lake Ontario was originally named Lake St. Louis
Cost of raising a medium-size dog to the age of eleven: $6,400
NASCAR stands for National Association for Stock Car Auto Racing
Cotton crops can be sprayed up to 40 times a year making it the most chemical-intensive crop in the world
Due to sugar shortages to make candy during World War II, movie theatre owners turned to popcorn, which is now the best selling snack at movie theatres today
Tiger Woods was introduced to golf at nine months of age by his father
A language becomes extinct in this world every two weeks
The first drug to be sold in the form of a tablet is Aspirin
The only flying saucer launch pad in the world is located in St. Paul, Alberta, Canada
The expression 'to get fired' comes from long ago Clans that wanted to get rid of unwanted people, so they would burn their houses instead of killing them, creating the term 'Got fired'.
Since 1978, 37 people have died by Vending Machine's falling on them.  13 people are killed annually.  All this while trying to shake merchandise out of them. 113 people have been injured.
Joseph Gayetty is credited for inventing toilet paper in 1857. Unfortunately, his invention failed and did not catch on until ten years later
An orca whale can hold its breath for up to 15 minutes
When playing competitive darts the player must be 7 feet 9 1/4 inches back from the dartboard. Also the board must be 5 feet 8 inches above the floor
Bobby Carpenter was the first American player to score 50 goals in a season
The first German car to be built solely outside of Germany is the BMW Z3.
Traveling by air is the safest means of transportation.
Approximately 71% of American chocolate eaters prefer to eat milk chocolate
Jim Morrison, of the 60's rock group The Doors, was the first rock star to be arrested on stage.
In order to scare away predators, Giant petrels, a type of seabird, throw up all over the intruder
A dentist from Buffalo New York named Alfred P. Southwick invented the electric chair.
The first translation of the Bible into English was in 1382 A.D., by John Wycliff
This common everyday occurrence composed of 59% nitrogen, 21% hydrogen, and 9% dioxide is called a 'fart'.
Eighty percent of 10 year old girls in the USA go on a diet
Detroit, Michigan has more registered bowlers than any other city in the USA
The average life span of a single red blood cell is 120 days
The airplane Buddy Holly died in was the "American Pie." (Thus the name of the Don McLean song.)
The eyeball of a human weighs approximately 28 grams
Quality standards for pasta were set in the 13th century by the Pope
Pilgrims did not eat with forks. They only used spoons, knives and their fingers
The largest member of the dolphin family are orcas
There is a town in Newfoundland, Canada called Dildo. 
Approximately 60% of the water used by households during the summer is used for watering flowers, and lawns
Musk is extracted from the bottom of a civet, and is used as an ingredient to make perfumes.
Kansas state law requires pedestrians crossing the highways at night to wear tail lights.
Residents of Houston, Texas lead the U.S. in eating out - approximately 4.6 times per week.
Manicuring the nails has been done by people for more than 4,000 years
The Lemon shark grows about 24,000 new teeth a year. A new set of teeth grow approximately every 14 days
In Denmark, people eat about 36 pounds of candy a year. The highest consumption of candy of any country
Hair will fall out faster on a person that is on a crash diet
Despite the name, men don't menstruate.
Insects outnumber humans 100,000,000 to one.
500,000 tons of dog excrement are dumped annually on the streets of Paris
The average North American will eat 35,000 cookies during their life span.
Someone gets divorced every ten to thirteen seconds
When the Pez mint dispenser was first introduced it was meant to replace the activity of smoking
On average, 350 squirts are needed from milking a cow to make a gallon of milk
The puma and the leopard are the highest jumping mammals. They are able to reach a height of 16.5 feet
In one day, 230 marriage licenses are issued in Las Vegas
The average person falls asleep in about 12 to 14 minutes
If a cockroach breaks a leg it can grow another one
Elvis Presley was obsessed with brushing his teeth
The game rugby was originated at Rugby school located in England in 1823. This happened when William Webb Ellis, while playing soccer, picked the ball up in his hands and started running with it
Because the Russians did such a great job embalming Lenin, the Vietnamese flew Ho Chi Minh’s corpse to Russia once a year for a “refresh.”
Until 1997, there were more pigs than people in Denmark.
The 'Golden Arches' of fast food chain McDonalds is more recognized worldwide than the religious cross of Christianity.
Beetles taste like apples, wasps like pine nuts, and worms like raw bacon.
The word "moose" comes from the native Algonquian Indian word meaning "twig eater."
Isaac Asimov is the only author to have a book in every Dewey-decimal category.
On average, 90% of the people that have the disease Lupus are female
To manufacture a new car approximately 148,000 liters of water is needed.
On November 29, 2000, Pope John Paul II was named an "Honorary Harlem Globetrotter."
People photocopying their buttocks are the cause of 23% of all photocopier faults worldwide.
Goat meat contains up to 45 percent less saturated fat than chicken meat
Peanuts are one of the ingredients of dynamite.
The first letter Vanna White ever turned on the game show Wheel of Fortune was the letter "T."
Although white wine can be produced from both red and white grapes, red wine can only be created from red grapes
Annually 7 million tons of textiles and clothing is thrown out. Out of this, only 12% is used again or recycled
Polar bears are excellent swimmers. They have been known to swim more than 60 miles without a rest
There is a 1 in 4 chance that New York will have a white Christmas.
The month of December is the most popular month for weddings in the Philippines
Paraskevidekatriaphobia means fear of Friday the 13th, which occurs one to three times a year.
In 1819, the USA purchased Florida from Spain for the cancellation of a $5 million debt
Humans can survive underwater. But not for very long.
The phrase "Often a bridesmaid, but never a bride," actually originates from an advertisement for Listerine mouthwash from 1924
The band Duran Duran got their name from an astronaut in the 1968 Jane Fonda movie "Barbarella."
The Google effect is the tendency to forget information that can be easily found using internet search engines such as Google, instead of remembering it.
In an episode of the 1962 cartoon The Jestons, Jane Jetson is talking through a video phone. The phone number of The Jetsons was VENUS-1234
There is a restaurant in Stockholm that only offers all-garlic products. They even have a garlic cheesecake
A jellyfish is 95% water.
On average, a typical dairy cow lies down and stands up about 14 times a day
If Wal-Mart was classified as a country, it would be the 24th most productive country in the world
Dr. Kellogg introduced Kellogg's Corn Flakes in hopes that it would reduce masturbation.
In 1967, the first successful heart transplant was performed in Cape Town, South Africa
The candlefish is so oily that it was once burned for fuel
Only 5 to 10 percent of cheetah cubs make it to adulthood
The largest ice cream sundae was made with 4,667 gallons of ice cream, was 12 feet high and had 7000 pounds of toppings on it. This was made in Anaheim, California in 1985
The appliance that uses the most use of water in the home is the toilet
Americans travel 1,144,721,000 miles by air every day
Carolyn Shoemaker, famous astronomer, has discovered 32 comets and approximately 300 asteroids
The fastest shark is the "Shortfin Mako," which can swim as fast as sixty miles per hour
During the Gold Rush in 1849, some people paid as much as $100 for a simple glass of water
In 1783, the hot air balloon was invented in France.
When the Titanic sank, 2228 people were on it. Only 706 survived.
Chewing gum has rubber as an ingredient
In 1996, toy company Mattel released a "Harley Davidson" Barbie. This dolls distinctive feature is a birth mark on her face that changes position with every new release of the doll
Broccoli was first introduced into France during the royal marriage of Catherine de Medici to Henry II of France
Hypatia, the first well known woman mathematician, was murdered by a mob of Christians who ripped off her skin with sharp tiles and seashells.
The reason the soft drink Dr Pepper is called that is because the inventor Wade Morrison named it after Dr. Charles Pepper who had given him his first job
Scientists have discovered a way to make biodegradable plastic from plants by using genetic engineering.
Count the number of cricket chirps in a 15-second period, add 37 to the total, and your result will be very close to the actual outdoor Fahrenheit temperature.
In 1976, fourteen banks merged to form a bank credit card called "Mastercharge." This was later renamed to what is now know as "Mastercard."
The word "lethologica" describes the state of not being able to remember the word you want.
Chances of a women getting breast cancer are increased by excesseive use of alcohol
Tarantulas can live up to 30 years
According to studies, men prefer to have white bedrooms and women prefer to have blue bedrooms
Eating a banana at night can help in falling asleep
Napoleon's penis was sold to an American Urologist for $40,000. 
The highest toll paid by a ship to cross the Panama Canal was by the Crown Princess on May 2, 1993 in the amount of $141,349.97 U.S. funds
In 1693, the postage rate of a letter was determined by how much light went through the letter. The less the light went through the letter the more expensive the rate would be. This technique was referred to as candling
Hawaii is the only coffee producing state.
Gloucestershire airport in England used to blast Tina Turner songs on its runways to scare birds away
On a Canadian two dollar bill, the flag flying over the Parliament buildings is an American flag.
In the USA, 32% of employees eat lunch and work at the same time
The U.S. army packs Tabasco pepper sauce in every ration kit that they give to soldiers
When the volcano Krakatoa off the Java islands exploded in 1883, it was so loud that it woke some people up in South Australia
There was an army general during the Liberia Civil War who used to lead his army into battle naked. His nickname was "General Butt Naked." Joshua Milton Blahyi (his real name) is now an evangelical preacher in Monrovia
Ants closely resemble human manners:  When they wake, they stretch & appear to yawn in a human manner before taking up the tasks of the day.
In Kentucky, 50 percent of the people who get married for the first time are teenagers
On average, a man spends about five months of his life shaving
Karate actually originated in India, but was developed further in China
Over 436,000 U.S. Troops were exposed to depleted uranium during the first Gulf war
Wheel of Fortune star Vanna White holds the record for putting her hands together approximately 140,000 times to clap
EPCOT stands for "Experimental Prototype City Of Tomorrow."
Over 20 million BluBlocker sunglasses have been sold since its debut in 1986. They now come in over 100 different styles
On the ground, a group of geese is a gaggle, in the sky it is a skein.
The average raindrop falls at 7 miles per hour.
Some people start to sneeze if they are exposed to sunlight or have a light shined into their eye
Bank robber John Dillinger played professional baseball
Everyday, U.S. business use enough paper to circle the Earth over 20 times
Sir Isaac Newton was only 23 years old when he discovered the law of universal gravitation.
Clownfish are not actually part clown.
Mass murderer Charles Manson recorded an album titled "Lie."
Golf courses cover 4% of North America.
Bob Dylan's real name is Robert Zimmerman.
Navel oranges got their name because the bottom of this type of orange resembles a belly button or navel
The Earth experiences 50,000 Earth quakes per year and is hit by Lightning 100 times a second.
There is actually no danger in swimming right after you eat, though it may feel uncomfortable.
On September 9, 1950 dubbed laughter was used for the first time on television. It was used for the sitcom "The Hank McCune Show."
Every 238 years, the orbits of Neptune and Pluto change making Neptune at times the farthest planet from the sun
Each of us generates about 3.5 pounds of rubbish a day, most of it paper.
The leading cause of deaths for children between the ages of 1 and 4 are motor vehicle crashes
From 1939 to 1942, there was a undersea post office in the Bahamas
A snail can crawl across a razor blade without getting injured. This is possible because they excrete a slime that protects them
The YKK that you see on zippers stands for Yoshida Kogyo Kabushiki Kaisha which is the name of the founder of the zipper manufacturing company in Japan
On average, Guinness sells 7 million glasses of beer a day
Who's that playing the piano on the "Mad About You" theme? Paul Reiser himself.
The chances of getting a cavity is higher if candy is eaten slowly throughout the day compared to eating it all at once and then brushing your teeth
Common pesticides such as roach, termite and flea insecticide can be found in the bodies of majority of Americans
In 1998, Ten Speed Press publishing company published a book, "The Eat A Bug Cookbook" by David George Gordon that contains over 33 bug recipes
The first bomb the Allies dropped on Berlin in WWII killed the only elephant in the Berlin Zoo.
Starfish have no brains.
In Belgium, there is a museum that is just for strawberries
When explorers first arrived in Venezuela, they were reminded of Venice. They named the country "Little Venice", which translated into Spanish is Venezuela
An average home creates more pollution than does the average car
True spiders always have organs for spinning silk known as spinnerets
Cats sleep 16 to 18 hours per day.
Albert Einstein was offered the presidency of Israel in 1952, but he declined
The first Olympic games only had one event - a foot race
Tripolini pasta was named for the Italian conquest of Tripoli in Libya
The most recycled product in the world is the automobile.
A cockroach will live nine days without its head before it starves to death.
Cataloupes are named after the gardens of Cantaloupe, Italy where some belive this melon was first grown
An egg shell can have up to 17,000 tiny pores on its surface
Some worms will eat themselves if they can't find any food!
Obsessive nose picking is referred to as rhinotillexomania
In World War II, the German submarine U-120 was sunk by a malfunctioning toilet
In the wild, the poinsettia flower can reach a height of 12 feet, and have leaves that are eight inches across.
Samuel L Jackson has a clause in all his movie contracts stating that he gets 2 days off a week to play golf and the producers have to pay for it
Like fingerprints, everyone's tongue print is different!
The reason why locusts swarm are because when they are in groups, a "hot-spot" behind their hind legs is stimulated, which in turn causes their destructive nature. A large swarm of locusts can eat eighty thousand tons of corn in a day
Martin Luther King Jr. said homosexuality was a problem that required psychiatric attention.
The Chinese politician Mao Zedong refused to ever brush his teeth and instead just washed his mouth with tea
Percentage of American men who say they would marry the same woman if they had it to do all over again: 80%
Jerry Lee Lewis caused so much controversy by marrying his 13 year old cousin when he was 22 that he went from playing $10,000 concert halls to $250 dollar a night dive bars.
The music band UB40 got its name from an unemployment form in England
No piece of square dry paper can be folded in half more than 7 times
Fires onland generally move faster uphill than downhill
Lady Bugs really are not bugs. They are actually beetles and their correct name is The Ladybird Beetle
The cardigan was originally made to be a military jacket made of knitted wool
It has been medically been proven that laughter is an effective pain killer
Jimmy Carter was the first U.S. President to be born in a hospital.
The only king without a moustache in a deck of cards is the king of hearts
In a lifetime, an average driver will release approximately 912 pints of wind inside a car
215 jeans can be made with one bale of cotton
In the movie "The Matrix Reloaded" a 17 minute battle scene cost over $40 million to produce
The first Labor Day holiday was celebrated on Tuesday, September 5, 1882, in New York City
The word Lethologica describes the state of not remembering the word you want to say
In an year, an average American kid eats 46 slices of pizza
The average human scalp has 100,000 hairs
Swiss engineer George de Mestral, who got the idea after noticing burrs were sticking to his pants after his regular walks through the woods, invented Velcro.
The food that people crave the most is cheese
In Britain, there are approximately 50,000 pubs with 17,000 different names
A top freestyle swimmer achieves a speed of only 4 miles per hour. Fish, in contrast, have been clocked at 68 mph
In Israel, religious law forbids picking your nose on Sabbath
There are dolphins that live in the Amazon River that are the colour pink
Mangos are known throughout the world as the "King of Fruits."
Nearly 30% of Americans believe an armed rebellion might be necessary in order to protect liberties.
It is very common for babies in New Zealand to sleep on sheepskins. This is to help them gain weight faster, and retain their body heat
Hundreds of years ago, only the wealthy people used to wear underwear
The vegetable that is eaten most by Americans is potatoes. On average, a person eats about 140 pounds of potatoes annually
Wild Flamingos are pink because they consume vast quantities of algae and brine shrimp
The first modern toothbrush was invented in China. Its bristles came from hogs hair or the mane of a horse that were then put into ivory handles
“Lassie” was played by a group of male dogs; the main one was named Pal.
The average life of a taste bud is 10 days.
The blackberry bush is also called the "bramble."
In 1945, the first "floating ice cream parlor" was built for sailors in the western Pacific. This "floating ice cream parlour" could produce ten gallons of ice cream every seven seconds
Actor Charlie Chaplin made 81 movies over a career that spanned 50 years
If you keep a Goldfish in the dark room, it will eventually turn white
The total number of steps in the Eiffel Tower are 1665
Bananas were discovered by Alexander the Great in 327 B.C. when he conquered India
A salmon with two mouths, two sets of teeth and two tongues was caught by Bob Bateman of Canada
The word Nike comes from Greek Mythology. Nike is the goddess of victory and was often depicted as a small winged figure whom the goddess Athene carried
Amazingly, goalies in the National Hockey League played without masks until the year 1959
The shark cornea has been used in eye surgery, since its cornea is similar to a human cornea
Baby robins eat 14 feet of earthworms every day
In 1989, twenty-three people were hired in Jacksonville Florida just to flush toilets so the pipes would not freeze
In the U.S. there is, on average, three sex change operations per day
One in eight million people has progeria, a disease that causes people to grow faster than they age.
The Snickers chocolate bar was invented in 1930
The Baby Ruth candy bar was actually named after Grover Cleveland's baby daughter, Ruth.
Even if you eat food standing on your head, the food will still end up in your stomach
Former basketball superstar Michael Jordan is the most recognized face in the world, more than the pope himself.
The storage capacity of human brain exceeds 4 Terabytes.
Historically, a blue ribbon has been awarded for first prize
Facetious and abstemious contain all the vowels in the correct order, as does arsenious, meaning "containing arsenic."  
Americans write approximately 50 billion checks a year making it the second most frequent payment method used after cash
Chopsticks originated from China approximately 4,000 years ago
There are 10 human body parts that are only 3 letters long (eye hip arm leg ear toe jaw rib lip gum).
315 entries in Webster’s 1996 dictionary were misspelled.
The most popular name for a pet in the United States is Max
In 1990, the largest watermelon ever grown was 262 pounds, by Bill Carson of Tennesse, USA
570 gallons of paint would be needed to paint the outside of the White House
Singer Chaka Khan came out with a line of chocolates called "Chakalates."
In 1477, the first diamond engagement ring was given to Mary of Burgundy by Archduke Maximillian of Austria
In Johannesburg, the average car will be involved in an accident once every four years.
Non-dairy creamer is flammable. 
The amount of blood a female mosquito drinks per serving is five millionths of a liter
The word "limelight" that is used in theatre to refer to the performers on the stage originated because before electricity was available lime was burned in a lamp, which created a white light that was directed at the performers
In New York City there are 6,374.6 miles of streets
The largest bill U.S. bill made is for $100,000
Lemons contain more sugar than strawberries
Children who are breast fed tend to have an IQ seven points higher than children who are not
Montreal is the second largest French speaking city after Paris
Smokers are twice as likely to develop lower back pain than non-smokers
An airplane mechanic invented Slinky while he was playing with engine parts and realized the possible secondary use for the springs.
In 1992, when EuroDisney first opened in France, the public beat some of the park characters because at the time most people had been against the park being built
Hydrogen solid is the most dense substance in the world, at 70.6g/cc
Our eyes are always the same size from birth, but our nose and ears never stop growing.
Chocolate can be fatal to dogs. Chocolate contains a chemical theobromine, which is poisonous to dogs
Only one person in two billion will live to be 116 or older.
Americans consumed more than twenty billion hot dogs in 2000
Catfish have tastebuds located on their whiskers
American actor Jack Nicholson, and American singer Bobby Darrin were raised believing their grandmothers were their mothers and their mothers were their older sisters
A lion feeds once every three to four days
With winds of 50 miles per hour, The Statue of Liberty sways three inches and the torch sways five inches
A female ferret will die if she goes into heat and cannot find a mate.
Before air conditioning was invented, white cotton slipcovers were put on furniture to keep the air cool.
The ostrich has two toes on each feet which gives it greater speed
U.S. Postal Service processes 38 million address changes each year
The sun shrinks five feet every hour
If you fart consistently for 6 years and 9 months, enough gas is produced to create explosion that is equal to an atomic bomb
The silk that is produced by spiders is stronger than steel
Ramses II, a pharaoh of Egypt died in 1225 B.C. At the time of his death, he had fathered 96 sons and 60 daughters
Another word for hiccups is "singultus."
The wheelbarrow was invented by the Chinese.
Most American women have their first baby when they are 24.3 years old
The most popular first name in the world is Muhammad.
On average, a hen lays 300 eggs per year
While digging, an Armadillo can hold its breath for up to six minutes
Simplistic passwords contribute to over 80% of all computer password break-ins.
Slinkys were invented by an airplane mechanic; he was playing with engine parts and realized the possible secondary use of one of the springs
The Uape Indians, who live in the Amazon, mix the ashes of their recently cremated relatives with alcohol, then all members of the family drink the mix with fond memories of the deceased
In the United States, approximately 25,000 eye injuries occur that result in the person becoming totally blind
In a lifetime, an average man will shave 20,000 times
Some arthritis medications contain gold salts, which is used as an anti-inflammatory
In many of the milk ads that are shown, a mix of thinner and white paint is used instead of milk
Stressed is Desserts spelled backwards.
The flatulation from domesticated cows produce about 30% of the methane on this planet
Mangos are valued for their reputation as an aphrodisiac in countries such as Guatemala and India
The Main Library at Indiana University sinks over an inch every year because when it was built, engineers failed to take into account the weight of all the books that would occupy the building.
Venus observa is the technical term for the "missionary position."
There are 293 ways to make change for a dollar.
Anise is the scent on the artificial rabbit that is used in greyhound races
The life expectancy of a $100 bill is nine years
Male sea horses are the ones that get impregnated rather than the females. Males have a pouch on their belly that provides incubation for the female?s eggs and they can have up to 1500 babies at one time
I is the most spoken word in the English language
In 1978, the World Water Speed record was made by Ken Warby from Australia. His average speed was 317.6 mph, and his jet-powered hydroplane was 27 feet long called "Spirit of Australia." Warby built the boat himself in his back yard
A famous bullfighter, Lagarijo, killed 4,867 bulls in the 19th century.
A piece of French toast that was partially eaten by Justin Timberlake sold on eBay
Soil that is heated by geysers are now making it possible to produce bananas in Iceland
Jane Barbie was the woman who did the voice recordings for the Bell System.
The average life expectancy of a rhinoceros in captivity is 15 years.
A glockenspiel is a musical instrument that is like a xylophone. It has a series of metal bars and is played with two hammers
The first female guest host of "Saturday Night Live" was Candace Bergen.
A person cannot taste food unless it is mixed with saliva.
Honey is used sometimes for antifreeze mixtures and in the center of golf balls
Twelve men have landed on and explored the moon
The platypus uses its bill to find animals that it feeds on. Its bill can sense the tiny electric fields that their preys emit
On average, he ratio of yellow kernels to white kernals in a bag of popcorn is 9:1
The three wealthiest families in the world have more assets than the combined wealth of the forty-eight poorest nations
In New Mexico, over eleven thousand people have visited a tortilla chip that appeared to have the face of Jesus Christ burned into it
There are more than 3000 documented caves located in the state of Tennessee
The first hot air balloon flight traveled for 5.5 miles over Paris and lasted for 23 minutes
After the Eiffel Tower was built, one person was killed during the installation of the lifts. No one was killed during the actual construction of the tower
Kite flying is a professional sport in Thailand
The desert tortoise can live without having to drink any water. It extracts the water it needs from the vegetation it eats
Fourteen people die each day from asthma in the United States
The first human heart transplant happened on December 3, 1967. Unfortunately the patient only lived for eighteen days, succumbing in the end to pneumonia
Most snails are hermaphrodites, meaning they have both female and male reproductive organs
A fetus develops fingerprints at eighteen weeks
On average, you would need 12.5 gallons of milk to make one gallon of ice cream
The first streetlights in America were installed in Philadelphia around 1757.
Washing machines use anywhere from 40 to 200 litres of water per load
On Sunday, December 7, 1941 at 7:55 AM, the attack on Pearl Harbor commenced
In the U.S., the milk production per dairy cow is approximately 12,000 pounds
The company Chanel claims that every 30 seconds, somewhere in the world, a bottle of Chanel No 5 is sold
In 1943, the July issue of "Transportation Magazine" had an article entitled "1943 Guide to Hiring Women."
The ant always falls over on its right side when intoxicated.
The seventeenth president of the United States, Andrew Johnson did not know how to read until he was 17 years old
The nickname for a Japanese businessmen is "Salarymen."
The placement of a donkey's eyes in its' head enables it to see all four feet at all times!
Of all the restaurants that are opened, 90% of them fail in the first year. Of the remaining ones that survive, 90% of those fail in the second year
The fastest flying butterfly is the Monarch, which has been clocked with a speed as high as 17 miles per hour
A white tiger can only be born when both parents carry the gene for white colouring
In 1955, only 330 Volkswagen Beetle's were sold at a price of $1800 each in the United States.
Louisiana's capital building is the tallest one of any U.S. state.
The only real person to be a PEZ head was Betsy Ross.
The Boston University Bridge (on Commonwealth Avenue, Boston, Massachusetts) is one of the few places in the world where a boat can sail under a train driving under a car driving under an airplane
In a month, a fingernail grows an eighth of an inch
The movie "Cleopatra" cost $44 million to make in 1963. The same movie would now cost $300 million to make taking inflation into account
After being picked an orange cannot ripen
President John F Kennedy could read 4 newspapers in 20 minutes.
There were 240 pedestrian fatalities in New York City in 1994.
Rats and horses can’t vomit.
One out of five people that eat ice cream binge on ice cream in the middle of the night. The person is usually between 18 - 24 years old
The names of the two stone lions in front of the New York Public Library are Patience and Fortitude. They were named by then-mayor Fiorello LaGuardia.
In 2002, the most popular boat name in the U.S. was Liberty
In approximately 18 months, the papaya tree can grow to be 20 feet tall
Early Romans used to use porcupine quills as toothpicks
O.J. Simpson had a severe case of rickets and wore leg braces when he was a child
Frozen food can be just as nutritious as fresh food
The earth weighs around 6,588,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000 tons.
To make butter more attractive in colour, carrot juice was used by people in the Middle Ages
In 1894, the carnival made its debut in North America
Benjamin Franklin was the fifth in a series of the youngest son of the youngest son.
The town of Churchill, Manitoba, located in Canada, is known as the "Polar Bear Capital of the World"
'Stewardesses' is the longest word that is typed with only the left hand.
The real name of Toto the dog in "The Wizard Of Oz" was Terry
At the 1960 Winter Olympic Games, Walt Disney was head of the committee that organized the opening day ceremonies
The king of hearts is the only king without a mustache.
Some Ribbon worm will eat themselves if they cannot find food. This type of worm can still survive after eating up to 95% of its body weight
Camel is considered unclean meat in the Bible
It is estimated that by the end of 2000, there has been 142,600 tonnes of gold mined in the world
There are some types of chocolates that are actually good for the arteries and heart
New Jersey has a spoon museum that has over 5,400 spoons from across the world
Dairy cows can produce 20 to 35 gallons of saliva a day
In Los Angeles, there are fewer people than there are automobiles
To produce a dozen eggs, a hen has to eat about four pounds of feed
The movie "Chicken Run" made in 2,000 had the most plasticine used in an animated movie. They used 2,380 kg of plasticine for the movie
The hydra, which is related to the jellyfish, can grow its body back in a couple of days if it is cut in half
A barnacle has the largest penis of any other animal in relation to its size
The first Ford cars had Dodge engines
Following directions off the Internet and chemicals obtained from a mail order company, a team of U.S. scientists created an identical copy of the polio virus.
An office desk has 400 times more bacteria than a toilet
Every year about 98% of the atoms in your body are replaced.
It takes eight and a half minutes for light to get from the sun to earth.
The longest Monopoly game ever played was 1,680 hours long, which is seventy straight days
The makers of Crayola produce over 2 billion crayons in a year
In 1884, Dr. Hervey D. Thatcher invented the milk bottle.
1 out of 350,000 Americans get electrocuted in their life
Every year, Burger King restaurants prepare over 950,000 pounds of bacon for their breakfast customers
On average, a beaver can cut down two hundred trees a year.
Koalas never drink water. They get fluids from the eucalyptus leaves they eat.
The biggest candy eaters are the Dutch, who average 65 pounds of candy per person in a year
There are 122 pebbles per square inch on a Spalding basketball
In a lifetime, the heart pumps about one million barrels of blood
The eye of a human can distinguish 500 shades of the gray
Every day, the average person swallows about a quart of snot
The best time for a person to buy shoes is in the afternoon. This is because the foot tends to swell a bit around this time
Halifax, Nova Scotia, Canada has the largest bar per capita than anywhere else in the world
Possums do not actually “play” dead. In fact, they pass out from being shocked.
Whale eyes are the size of a grapefruit
The first television broadcast of the Oscars took place in 1953, hosted by Bob Hope on NBC
In golf, a ‘Bo Derek’ is a score of 10.
A company that sells tv antennas sent Comcast a cake to congratulate them on being named worst company in America.
The number of births that occur in India each year is higher than the entire population of Australia
Nerve impulses to and from the brain travel as fast as 170 miles (274 km) per hour.
Deku is the oldest and wisest tree in Kokiri Forest (and EGSA).
A single chocolate chip gives enough energy to a human being to walk 150 feet
Roman Emperor Augustus witnessed a man attempt to feed a slave to lamprey eels as a punishment for breaking a cup. Augustus freed the slave and had the rest of the man’s cups broken.
When the are in danger, kangaroos will beat the ground loudly with their hind feet
Hang On Sloopy is the official rock song of Ohio.
On average, Americans spend 33% of their life sleeping
After twenty-seven years, Betty Rubble made her debut as a Flintstones Vitamin in 1996
The most popular vacation destinations for Americans in 1956 was Niagara Falls
Every year approximately 2,500 left-handed people are killed by using object or machinery designed for right-handed people
Bamboo plants can grow up to 36 inches in a day.
An average American child watches approximately 28 hours of television in one week
Birds do not sweat, as they do not have sweat glands
Some desert snails have been known to sleep for three to four years
Behram, an Indian thug, holds the record for most murders by a single individual. He strangled 931 people between 1790-1840 with a piece of yellow and white cloth, called a ruhmal.
4% of an apple is made up of minerals and vitamins, and over 80% is made up of water
A chicken with red earlobes will produce brown eggs, and a chicken with white earlobes will produce white eggs
The cost to build the Empire State Building was $40,948,900
A blink lasts approximately 0.3 seconds
Kermit the Frog was named after Kermit Scott, a childhood friend of creator Jim Henson, who became a professor of philosophy at Purdue University
Female and male black bears cannot tolerate being around each other except when they breed
The 1912, a wrestling match in Stockholm between Finn Alfred Asikainen and Russian Martin Klein lasted more than 11 hours. Klein eventually won, but was to tired to participate in the championship match
The biggest bug in the world is the Goliath Beetle which can weigh up to 3.5 ounces and be 4.5 inches long
The letters KGB stand for Komitet Gosudarstvennoy Bezopasnosti.  
On average, the rainfall across the Amazon is 7 feet annually.
In 1391, China began producing toliet paper for use by its Emperors
Before soccer referees started using whistles in 1878, they used to rely on waving a handkerchief
On average redheads have 90,000 hairs. People with black hair have about 110,000 hairs
It is incorrectly noted that Thomas Edison invented 'push-ups' in 1878. Nikolai Tesla had in fact patented the activity three years earlier, under the name 'Tesla-cize'.
Approximately 100,000 people get married in Las Vegas each year
On average, Americans eat 18 acres of pizza everyday.
One out of four American households own a cat
Serving ice cream on cherry pie was once illegal in Kansas
One of the reasons marijuana is illegal today is because cotton growers in the 1930s lobbied against hemp farmers they saw it as competition.
A person that is struck by lightning has a greater chance of developing motor neurone disease
Adolf Hitler was a vegetarian, and had only one testicle.
Pearls melt in vinegar.
A duck's quack doesn't echo, and no one knows why.
The 20th president of the United States, James Garfield, was able to write Greek with one hand and Latin with the other at the same time
Percentage of Africa that is wilderness: 28%. Percentage of North America that is wilderness: 38%
The skeleton of Jeremy Bentham is present at all important meetings of the University of London
Studies have shown that the scent of Rosemary can help in better mental performance and make individuals feel more alert
In 2000, there were 1,579,566 drug arrests in the United States. Of those, close to half were for marijuana
Every photograph of the first American atomic bomb detonation was taken by Harold Edgerton
It can take up to a month for a rattlesnake to re-supply its venom
Approximately 20% of Americans have a passport
A seven year old boy was the first person to survive the Horeshoe Falls (Niagara Falls) in just a life jacket
One in five Americans move homes every year
In the United States, a pound of potato chips costs two hundred times more than a pound of potatoes.  
The average amount of time spent kissing for a person in a lifetime is 20,160 minutes
The cross bow was invented by the Chinese and records of its usage goes back to as far as the Three Kingdom Period (220 a.d.-280 a.d.).
The plastic things on the end of shoelaces are called aglets.
11% of the world is left-handed.
When the only queen ant dies, so does the entire colony, because no new workers are born
Japanese research has concluded that moderate drinking can boost IQ levels
Ivory soap slogan "99-44/100% Pure" was cleverly invented by Harley Proctor who with the help of chemists determined that Ivory soap was only 56/100 pure. Proctor simply subtracted 56 from 100 and came up with "99-44/100% Pure"
Devon, England has about 33,000 miles of hedgerows, more hedgerows than any other country
Every year, Finland increases in surface area by about 7 square kilometers per year because it is rebounding from the weight of ice age glaciers and rising out of the sea.
Every year, 50,000,000 automobiles are produced in the world.
Babies are born without kneecaps. They don't appear until the child reaches 2-6 years of age.
One ton of grapes can produce 720 bottles of wine
Research has indicated that approximately eleven minutes are cut off the life of an average male smoker from each cigarette smoked
James Buchanan was the only unmarried president of the United States
A baseball will go farther in hot temperature than in cold temperature
In the Great Fire of London in 1666, only six people were killed
Termites do more damage in the U.S. ever year than all the fires, storms and earthquakes combined. They do an average of $750 million in damage annually
The state of Maryland has no natural Lakes.
The most popular American city for Kool-Aid sales is St. Louis, Missouri
Polar bears can eat as much as ten percent of their body weight in less than one hour
American President Calvin Coolidge (1923-1929) used to like Vaseline being rubbed on his head while he ate breakfast in bed
Mel Blanc (the voice of Bugs Bunny) was allergic to carrots.
Actress Sally Field was paid $4,000 a week for her role in the TV show The Flying Nun
The first product that Sony came out with was the rice cooker
In the United States, poisoning is the fourth leading cause of death among children
Ever year, Americans spend close to $25 billion on beer
Virginia Woolf wrote all her books standing.
Finland is also known as "the land of of the thousand lakes," because of the over 188,000 lakes found in this country
The amount of aluminum that Americans throw out in three months is enough to rebuild all American commercial planes
LSD is made from lysergic acid, which is found in ergot, a type of fungus
Airports that are at higher altitudes require a longer airstrip due to lower air density
Only 23% of New Zealand families have more than two children
Michigan was the first state to have roadside picnic tables.
During the Easter season, 600 million Marshmallow Peeps are bought my Americans. The Marshmallow Peep is the most popular Easter candy besides chocolate
Actress Meryl Streep holds the record for the most Oscar nominated actress, with a record of 13 nominations
Scientists have actually performed brain surgery on cockroaches
A dime has 118 ridges around the edge.
It was during World War II that clothes with elastic waists were introduced. This is because the metal used in zippers was badly needed for the war
When Black Jack Ketchum was hung back in 1901 in Clayton New Mexico, the noose actually ended up taking his head off. The head had to be sewn back on so Black Jack could be buried properly
A giraffe can go longer without water than a camel
The music for "The Star Spangled Banner" comes from a British drinking song named "Anacreon."
Wyoming was the first state to give women the right to vote in 1869.
The study of twins is known as gemellology
A “jiffy” is the scientific name for 1/100th of a second.
Ancient Romans at one time used human urine as an ingredient in their toothpaste
55.1% of all US prisoners are in prison for drug offenses.
New Mexico is known as the "Land of Enchantment."
Niagara Falls actually stopped flowing back in 1848 for about 20 hours because there was ice that was blocking the Niagara River
In 1962, the first Wal-Mart opened up in Rogers, Arkansas
Any animal that has skin hair or fur can get dandruff, but in animals it is called "dander."
Dogs and cats consume over $11 billion worth of pet food a year
While the submarine is vastly superior to the boat in every way, over 97% of people still use boats for aquatic transportation.
The Bible has been translated into Klingon.
The top 3 health-related searches on the Internet are (in this order): Depression, Allergies, & Cancer.
The music group Simply Red got its name from band member Mick Hucknall, who has red hair
The Christmas season begins after sunset on December 24th and lasts until January 5th. This is also known as the Twelve Days of Christmas
Girls have more tastebud than boys
It’s possible to lead a cow upstairs, but not downstairs.
Caterpillar means "hairy cat" in Old French
The national sport of Japan is sumo wrestling
Almonds are a member of the peach family.
James Bond's car had three different license plates in Goldfinger
On average, 749 pounds of paper products is used by an American individual annually
In a housing experiment that moved families from poor neighborhoods to wealthier ones, boys experienced PTSD rates comparable to those of combat soldiers, while psychological well-being improved for girls.
Termites work 24 hours per day -- they do not sleep
The ancient Greeks had a fascination with the planet Mars. They attributed the planet to Ares, their god of war, because of its red colour
In the Philippine jungle, the yo-yo was first used as a weapon.
The average bank teller loses about $250 every year
The average human has about 20 square feet of skin weighing about 6 pounds
The largest LEGO castle that was ever built was built with 400,000 LEGO bricks and was 4.45 m x 5.22 m
people who stop breathing usually die.
Seattle’s Fremont Bridge rises up and down more than any drawbridge in the world.
Some people drink the urine of pregnant women to build up their immune system
Only 55% of all Americans know that the sun is a star
About 10% of the 100,000 thunderstorms that occur in the USA every year are classified as severe.
Cellular phones will not give you cancer. Only hepatitis.
The average child recognizes over 200 company logos by the time he enters first grade.
The Sea of Tranquility on the moon is deeper than the highest mountain on Earth
One female mouse can produce up to 100 babies a year
In a year, the average Americans eats approximately 18 pounds of Turkey
Sigmund Freud had a morbid fear of ferns.
When an orange is shown in any of the "Godfather" movies, this means that someone is about to die or a close call is to occur.
Lack of sleep can affect your immune system and reduce your ability to fight infections
Egyptian pyramid builders used to eat a lot of garlic because they thought it would increase their strength
The most expensive shoes in the world are ruby slippers located in Harrods in London, which cost $1.6 million, has a full time security guard. The shoes are made from platinum thread and has 642 rubies in them.
The founder of JC Penny had the middle name of Cash
Kris Kristofferson is a Country Hall of Fame Singer, an actor, a golden glove boxer and a Captain in the US Army.
Women manage the money and pay the bills in  75% of all Americans households.
In October 1986, Pepsi paid close to $840 million to Nabisco for the Kentucky Fried Chicken empire
In ancient Rome, when a man testified in court he would swear on his testicles.
The colour blue has a calming effect. It causes the brain to release calming hormones
Frayhen is ancient Canadian for "Space Marine"
A 1969 SciFi novel, Stand on Zanzibar, accurately predicted the current state of world affairs of 2010 including a popular leader called President Obomi.
You can sail all the way around the world at latitude 60 degrees south.
Anti-American demonstrators protesting in Bangladesh after the September 11, 2001 terrorist attacks carried posters of Osama bin Laden sitting alongside Bert, a beloved Sesame Street Muppet character
An average women has 17 square feet of skin. When a women is in her ninth month of pregnancy she has 18.5 square feet of skin
Hydrogen gas is the least dense substance in the world, at 0.08988g/cc
Canada is the only country not to win a gold medal in the summer Olympic games while hosting.
Negative emotions such as anxiety and depression can weaken your immune system.
The first lighthouse built in the USA was in Boston, MA in 1716
Maine is the toothpick capital of the world
A common drink for Tibetans is Butter Tea which is made out of butter, salt, and brick tea
Every square inch of the human body has 32 million bacteria on it.
The New Zealand Kiwi bird cannot fly
If you were to take a taxicab from New York City to Los Angeles, it would cost you $8,325.
The city of Denver was originally chosen to host the 1976 Winter Olympics, but had to withdraw because Colorado voters rejected to finance it
There are no ants in Iceland, Antarctica and Greenland
Most snakes have six rows of teeth
About 26% of all indoor water used by households in Sydney, Australia are for laundry
The favorite honeymoon place is Hawaii
People of Salt Lake City eat the most lime-flavoured gelatin Jell-O in the United States
All of Chrysler's PT Cruisers are built in Mexico.
The silkworm moth has lost the ability to fly ever since it has been domesticated
James Bond is also known as Mr. Kiss-Kiss-Bang-Bang
Avocados have the highest fiber and calories of any fruit. They are found in Australians.
There are 500,000 detectable earthquakes in the world each year
Marilyn Monroe had six toes.
Valentine Tapley from Pike County, Missouri  grew chin whiskers attaining a length of twelve feet six inches from 1860 until his death 1910, protesting Abraham Lincoln's election to the presidency.
In proportion, if Jupiter were a basketball, then the sun would be the size of the Louisiana Super Dome
98% of brown bears in the United States are in Alaska
There are approximately fifty Bibles sold each minute across the world
In Italy, 17 is considered an unlucky number. In Japan, 4 is considered an unlucky number.
Black pepper is the most popular spice in the world
Bugs Bunny was originally called "Happy Rabbit."
Steve Fletcher holds the record for the largest gum wrapper collection. His collection has 5300 gum wrappers from all across the world
Over 1,600 people in North America have been victims of trunk entrapment (being locked inside of a car trunk)
The Dead Sea has been sinking for last several years
No other animal gives us more by-products than the hog. These by-products include pig suede, buttons, glass, paint brushes, crayons, chalk, and insulation to name a few
Liberace Museum has a mirror-plated Rolls Royce; jewel-encrusted capes, and the largest rhinestone in the world, weighing 59 pounds and almost a foot in diameter.
Pearls are rarely found in North American oysters
The Ramses brand condom is named after the great pharoh Ramses II who fathered over 160 children.
The formula for Coca-cola has never been patented
A butterfly can see the colors red, green, and yellow
To be born on Sunday was considered a sign of great sin during the Puritan times
Marlboro was the first cigarette company to market a cigarette that had a red filter called "beauty tip." This was done to hide the lipstick marks left on the filter from women smokers
The projection light used for IMAX theaters can be seen from space.
The first United States president to visit China was Richard Nixon
Left-handed people are better at sports that require good spatial judgment and fast reaction, compared to right-handed individuals
In one gram of soil, about ten million bacteria live in it
People that smoke have 10 times as many wrinkles as a person that does not smoke
Andorra, a tiny country between France & Spain, has the longest average lifespan: 83.49 years.
In the U.S., over 35 million people have used some sort of illegal drug in the last year
Every year approximately 3,000 people choke to death
A group of larks is called an exaltation
Great Britain has the highest consumption of ice cream than any other European nation
In all of 2011, Norwegian police only fired a gun on one occasion.
A word or sentence that is the same front and back (racecar, kayak) is called a “palindrome”.
Murderers in medieval Ireland were given to the deceased’s family as slaves if they fail to pay a hefty fine to buy their freedom.
The world's termites outweigh the world's humans 10 to 1.
Mozart wrote the nursery rhyme 'twinkle, twinkle, little star' at the age of 5.
Ingrown toenails are hereditary.  
The first television show to show any portion of a toilet was on "Leave it to Beaver." After fighting for ten weeks to show the toilet, CBS would only allow the producers to show the toilet tank, and not the whole toilet
NR is sometimes relevant.
At just four years old Mozart was able to learn a piece of music in half an hour
Robert Southey wrote the story "Goldilocks and the Three Bears" in 1834
In Japan, tipping at restaurants is not a norm. However, some restaurants might add a 5 - 10 % service charge to the bill
The average number of bridesmaids at a wedding is four
Gorillas are considered apes, not monkeys. The way to distinguish between an ape and a monkey is that apes do not have tails
Bees can communicate with other bees by dancing. Their dance can alert other bees as to which direction and the distance nectar and pollen is located
Chocolate accounts for less than two percent of the fat in the American diet
In Utah, it is illegal to swear in front of a dead person.
A newly hatched fish is called a "fry."
Every three minutes a woman is diagnosed with breast cancer
British police officers carry a teddy bear in their cars to help console children after an accident.
Because of the rotation of the earth, an object can be thrown farther if it is thrown west.
About 500 movies are made in the US and 800 in India annually.
Ukrainian monk, Dionysius Exiguus, created the modern day Christian calendar
UK based company, Intercytex, uses the foreskins of circumcised babies to develop an anti-wrinkle cosmetic treatments.
Former U.S. President Franklin Pierce was arrested during his term as President for running over an old lady with his horse, but the charges were later dropped
Broccoli and cauliflower are the only vegetables that are flowers.
Over 60% of all those who marry get divorced.
The name Wendy was made up for the book Peter Pan. There was never a recorded Wendy before it.
The international telephone dialing code for Antarctica is 672.
CBS' "60 Minutes" is the only TV show without a theme song/music.
There are more than 50 different types of pumpkins. Some of them have names such as Munchkin, Funny Face, and Spooktacular
If one spells out numbers, they would have to count to One Thousand before coming across the letter "A".
In York, it is perfectly legal to shoot a Scotsman with a bow and arrow (except on Sundays)
Research indicates that mosquitoes are attracted to people who have recently eaten bananas
Approximately 850 peanuts make a 18 oz jar of peanut butter
A rocket-like device can be traced back to Ancient Greece when a flying steam-powered pigeon was built out of wood.
Post-It Notes, which are adhesive notes, were invented while looking for a way to improve the acrylate adhesive found in tapes
Tina Turner's real name is Annie Mae Bullock.
Blue Jays can imitate the calls of hawks
Whale oil was used in some car transmissions until 1973
Before its name was changed, the African Penguin used be called the Jackass Penguin because of its donkey-like braying call
In 2011 a kidnapper sued his victims for handing him over to the police, claiming they had an oral contract.
A piece of paper can be folded no more then 9 times.
The most deadly fires that occur in the home happen between 6pm and 10pm
According to legend, tea originated in China when tea leaves accidentally blew into a pot of boiling water
The first president to have a picture taken was John Quincy Adams
The only woman that has appeared on a U.S. paper currency is Martha Washington
Every 40,000 children are killed by fires
Millie the White House dog earned more than 4 times as much as President Bush in 1991. And, rightfully so
Less than 1% of the women in the world will ever be able to wear a diamond that is the size of a carat or more
Raseph, the Semitic god of war and plague, had a gazelle growing out of his forehead.
The Hawaiian alphabet has only 12 letters.
Ninety percent of the population has an innie belly button
The reason why bubbles are round is because this is the most efficient shape that the soap film can take for the amount of air trapped inside
Every square inch of the human body has about 19,000,000 skin cells
The fat that comes from sheep, which is called tallow, can also be used to produce soap and candles
In Czechoslovakia, there is a church that has a chandelier made out of human bones
Two-thirds of Canadians live in Quebec and Ontario
Buckingham Palace has over six hundred rooms
Corals take a long time to grow. Some corals only grow one centimeter in one year
The city of Las Vegas has the most hotel rooms in the world
Before 1883, the three-cent U.S. stamp was also used for advertising. The advertisment was located on the back of the stamp for various products
On December 17 1991, the Cleveland Cavaliers beat the Miami Heat 148-80, the largest margin of victory in an NBA game
When Heinz ketchup leaves the bottle, it travels at a rate of 25 milesper year.
The Danish company Lego, which began in 1932, first manufactured ironing boards, and stepladders
The word “maverick” came into use after Samuel Maverick, a Texan refused to brand his cattle.
When Burger King introduced the Whopper Sandwich in 1957, it cost only thirty-seven cents
According to Norse legend, thunder god Thor's chariot was pulled across the sky by two goats.
Every three seconds a baby is born somewhere in the world
A one ounce milk chocolate bar has 6 mg of caffeine
The first Life Saver flavour, which was peppermint, was invented in 1912 and it was called Pep-O-Mint
Valentina Tereshkova was the first woman to enter space. She spent three days in space and completed forty-eight orbits of Earth
The tallest freestanding sculpture in the world is Chief Crazy Horse in South Dakota, USA
The only desert in Canada is located in Osoyoos, British Columbia
1 in 5,000 north Atlantic lobsters are born bright blue.
A crocodile cannot stick its tongue out.
Caesar salad has nothing to do with any of the Caesars. It was first concocted in a bar in Tijuana, Mexico, in the 1920's.
The first person selected as the Time Magazine Man of the Year - Charles Lindbergh in 1927.
The first American president to deliver a speech over the radio was Warren G. Harding
In the United States, approximately 50 million people fish per year
A puzzling suicide note of a man who jumped from the Golden Gate Bridge read “Absolutely no reason except I have a toothache”.
Dustin Phillips of the U.S. has the record for ketchup drinking. He drank a 14-ounce bottle of tomato ketchup through a ? inch straw in 33 seconds on September 23, 1999
Coconuts kill more people each year than sharks do
The name Hasbro was invented by the name of the founders: HASsenfeld BROthers
The quills of a porcupine are soft when they are born
Laredo, Texas is the U.S.'s farthest inland port.
The average life span of a mosquito is two weeks
The male gypsy moth can "smell" the virgin female gypsy moth from 1.8 miles away.  
The Hundred Years War lasted for 116 years
There are more than 40,000 characters in the Chinese script.
Shark cartilage has been used to make artificial skin for human burn victims
Stalks of sugar cane can reach up to 30 feet
The clown fish has the ability to change its sex. If a breeding female dies, the male fish will change its sex and mate with another male
Alcohol beverages have all 13 minerals necessary for human life
66% of home based businesses are owned by women
It takes 3,000 cows to supply the NFL with enough leather for a year's supply of footballs.
Dolphins hear by having sound waves transmit through their skull to their inner ear region
Slaves under the last emperors of China wore pigtails so they could be picked out quickly
American car horns beep in the tone of F.
Your ribs move about 5 million times a year, every time you breathe!
Arnold Schonberg suffered from triskaidecaphobia, the fear of the number 13.  He died at 13 minutes from midnight on Friday the 13th.
The least likely day to eat out in the United States is Monday
Robert Wadlow is the tallest man recorded in history. He grew to be eight feet and eleven inches and weighed 490 pounds when he died
In a study that was done by the University of Chicago in 1907, it was concluded that the easiest color to spot is yellow. This is why John Hertz, who is the founder of the Yellow Cab Company picked cabs to be yellow
The titan arum flower is the largest flower in the world and gives off a horrible odor that smells like rotting flesh when it blooms
Chedder cheese is the best selling cheese in the USA
Every single hamster in the United States today comes from a single litter captured in Syria in 1930
The study of ants is called Myrmecology
The average human eats 8 spiders in their lifetime at night.
McDonald restaurants serve food and drink to an amazing 43 million customers on a daily basis
Americans consume the most peanut butter in the world
Human tapeworms can grow up to twenty-two point nine meters.
Frank Lloyd Wright's son invented Lincoln Logs.
The production of toilet paper in China began in 1391, which was used for the Emperors
People who ride on roller coasters have a higher chance of having a blood clot in the brain
The very first song played on MTV was 'Video Killed The Radio Star' by the Buggles.
Over half the textile fibers that are used in the world are cotton
In China, pancakes are generally served as side dishes. They are stuffed with meat, bean sprouts, and other vegetables
The word vaccine comes from the Latin word "vacca," which means cow. This name was chosen beacause the first vaccination was derived from cowpox which was given to a boy
The only species of turtle that lives in the open ocean is the sea turtle
Elwood Edwards did the voice for the AOL sound files (i.e. “You’ve got Mail!”).
In a five card poker game there are 2,598,960 possible hands
A cat uses its whiskers to determine if a space is too small to squeeze through.
The Guinness Book of Records holds the record for being the book most often stolen from Libraries.
There are 50% more males that are left handed compared to females
In 2007, a 75 year old woman smashed up a Comcast office with a hammer because she was fed up with their poor customer service.
In India, a 9-year-old girl was "married" to a stray dog, which tribal custom requires in order to protect a child whose first tooth appears on the upper gum
South Dakota is the only U.S state which shares no letters with the name of it's capital
Mike Nesmith's (the guitarist of The Monkeys) mom invented White Out. 
Squids move through the ocean using a jet of water forced out of the body by a siphon
During the high feeding season, it has been estimated that an adult blue whale can eat up to 40 million krill in one day. (Krill are shrimp like creatures)
Scatologists are experts who study feces.
The newspaper serving Frostbite Falls, Minnesota, the home of Rocky and Bullwinkle, is the Picayune Intellegence.
The sweat drops drawn in cartoon comic strips are called pleuts.
Research has indicated that indoor pollution is 10 times more toxic than outdoor pollution
Elephants are the only mammals that cannot jump.
When baby sharks are born, they swim away from their mothers right away and are on there own. In fact, their mothers might see them as prey
Every year, more than one million miles of Twizzlers licorice is made
Johnny Appleseed planted apples so that people could use apple cider to make alcohol.
The average person laughs 10 times a day!
The biggest hamburger that was served was 8,266 pounds. It was made at the Burger Fest in Seymour, Wisconsin
Parrots cannot eat chocolate because it is poisonous to their body
Women smile more than men do
Almost is the longest word in the English language with all the letters in alphabetical order.
Castaways Travel, a Houston-area travel agency, offers an all-nude flight to Cancun Mexico. Once the plane reaches cruising altitude, you are allowed to take off all your clothes and roam about the cabin
German cockroaches can survive for up to one month without food and two weeks without water
The word "dexter" whose meaning refers to the right hand is typed with only the left hand.  
The first song played on Armed Forces Radio during operation Desert Shield was "Rock the Casba" by the Clash. 
The chewing gum Juicy Fruit has 10 calories. This is approximately the same as a bite of whole wheat bread
The capital of Vermont, Montpelier is the only state capital in the United States that does not have a McDonalds
The only state to grow pineapples is Hawaii
More than 90% of shark attack victims survive
Stannous fluoride, which is the cavity fighter found in toothpaste is made from recycled tin
On average, there are 178 sesame seeds on each McDonalds BigMac bun.
There is a seven letter word in the English language that contains ten words without rearranging any of its letters, "therein": the, there, he, in, rein, her, here, ere, therein, herein.  
Doctors in Canada use an adhesive similar to Krazy Glue instead of stitches, lowering the possibility of bacterial infection and minimizing scarring
Amish people do not believe in the use of aerosal air fresheners
You can be fined up to $1,000 for whistling on Sunday in Salt Lake City, Utah.
The first box of Crayola that was ever sold had the same eight colours that are sold in the box today consisting of red, blue, yellow, green, violet, orange, black and brown. The box was sold for a nickel in 1903
Cat's urine glows under a blacklight.
The first commercial microwave oven was called the "1161 Radarange" and was the size of a refrigerator
Approximately 125 people die in the United States from an anaphylaxis to foods each year
Alexander Graham Bell, the inventor of the telephone, never telephoned his wife or mother because they were both deaf
Steely Dan got their name from a sexual device depicted in the book 'The Naked Lunch'.  
The United States has paved enough roads to circle the Earth over 150 times.
If you have trouble with counting, use the following mnemonic device: one comes before two comes before 60 comes after 12 comes before six trillion comes after 504. This will make your earlier counting difficulties seem like no big deal.
Males account for 60% of toy injuries that occur in the U.S
5,840 people with pillow related injuries checked into U.S. emergency rooms in 1992.
The plural of surgeon general is surgeons general. The past tense of surgeons general is surgeonsed general
A man's beard grows fastest when he anticipates sex.
The scarlet tanager, a songbird native to Illinois, can eat as many as 2,100 gypsy-moth caterpillars in one hour
The eight most popular foods to cause food allergies are: milk, eggs, wheat, peanuts, soy, tree nuts, fish, and shellfish
The male platypus has poisonous spurs on its legs
The guy who snagged windows2000.com happened to be named Bob and Microsoft just happened to own Bob.com. They came to an agreement to trade one for the other.
In 1998, a law passed in the U.S. state of Virginia allows drivers to keep their road kill, as long as they report it within 12 hours. updated
During a severe windstorm or rainstorm the Empire State Building sways several feet to either side.
Celtic warriors sometimes fought their battles naked, their bodies dyed blue from head to toe
Salt Lake City, Utah has a law against carrying an unwrapped ukulele on the street.
An average city dog lives approximately three years longer than an average country dog
In 1281, the Mongol army of Kublai Khan tried to invade Japan but were ravaged by a hurricane that destroyed their fleet
When Scott Paper Co. first started manufacturing toilet paper they did not put their name on the product because of embarrassment
A rose imprint that was fossilized in a slate was discovered in Florisant, Colorado, which is said to be thirty-five million years old
70% of all boats sold are used for fishing.
Only 55 percent of all Americans know that the sun is a star
Americans are responsible for generating roughly 20% percent of the garbage in the world
A human eyeball weighs about an ounce
The Amazon is the world's largest river, 3,890 miles (6,259 km) long.
It’s illegal to buy DVDs in Canada.
On Uranus winter and summer seasons last the equivalent of 21 Earth years
Since 1978, at least 37 people have died as a result of shaking vending machines, in an attempt to get free merchandise. More than 100 people have been injured
In 1917, Margaret Sanger was jailed for one month for establishing the first birth control clinic
Each year all of the Hostess bakeries combined bake 500 million Twinkies a year. (A twinkie is a sponge cake with a creamy filling.)
The verb "cleave" is the only English word with two synonyms which are antonyms of each other: adhere and separate.
Jefferson invented the dumbwaiter, the monetary system, and the folding attic ladder.
In Raiders of the Lost Ark there is a wall carving of R2-D2 and C-3P0 behind the ark
Clarence Crane the inventor of "Crane's Peppermint Life Savers" sold his rights to the popular candy for less than three thousand dollars.
Approximately every seven minutes of every day, someone in an aerobics class pulls their hamstring.
Every three days a human stomach gets a new lining
The state of Tennessee was known as Franklin before 1796
Hedenophobic means fear of pleasure.
A Russian man who wore a beard during the time of Peter the Great had to pay a special tax
25% of a human’s bones are in its feet.
The Xerox company was initially called the Haloid Company
Anne Boleyn, Queen Elizabeth I's mother, had six fingers on one hand.
The word Spain means "the land of rabbits."
The sport of surfing originated in Hawaii
Sugar Bear (the mascot for Golden Crisps cereal) was born in 1963
75% of all raisins eaten by people in the United States are eaten at breakfast
In Greece, the climate is so warm that many of the cinemas do not even have roofs
The first restaurant to open in Hollywood was the Musso & Frank Grill in 1919
MS-DOS was originally calle QDOS and was bought of the author by Microsoft for a small fee. The rest is history
The right lung of a human is larger than the left one. This is because of the space and placement of the heart
The first couple to be shown on a sitcom sleeping in the same bed was "Mary Kay and Johnny."
Teflon is the slipperiest substance in the world
The reason firehouses have circular stairways is from the days when the engines were pulled by horses. The horses were stabled on the ground floor and figured out how to walk up straight staircases
Psychokinesis refers to the ability of moving objects through psychic power
Cranberries are sorted for ripeness by bouncing them; a fully ripened cranberry can be dribbled like a basketball.  
The monogram "RR" for Rolls-Royce has never been altered, except for when Sir Henry Royce passed away in 1933. Then it was changed from red to black.
The list of ingredients that make up lipstick include fish scales
The majority of cats do not have any eyelashes
Relative to size, the strongest muscle in the body is the tongue.
Studies have shown that children laugh an average of 300 times/day and adults 17 times/day, making the average child more optimistic, curious, and creative than the adult.
The thumbnail grows the slowest, the middle nail the fastest, nearly 4 times faster than toenails.
Someone paid $14,000 for the bra worn by Marilyn Monroe in the film 'Some Like It Hot'.
Close to 73% of girls in Bangladesh are married by age 18
The highest bridge in the world is located in the Himalyan mountains. It was built by the Indian Army, in 1982, and is about 5,600 metres above sea level
No president of the United States was an only child
98% of Japanese are cremated.
Hershey's Kisses are called that because the machine that makes them looks like it's kissing the conveyor belt.
Only female mosquito’s' bite and most are attracted to the color blue twice as much as to any other color.
Since 1950, over 230 million eggs of Silly Putty have been sold
In one day, a human sheds 10 billion skin flakes. This amounts to approximately two kilograms in a year
Ten radishes only contain eight calories
The mating call of a male toadfish, who are underwater, is so loud that it can be heard by humans above water
Most American car horns honk in the key of F.
David McConnell started the California Perfume Company (CPC) in 1886. Today the company is known as Avon, which he named after his favorite playwright William Shakespeare, and Stratford on Avon
A raisin dropped in a glass of fresh champagne will bounce up and down continually from the bottom of the glass to the top.
While still in college, Bill Gates and Paul Allen once built a special purpose machine called "Traff-O-Data." It was a machine that would analyze information gathered by traffic monitors. They never found any buyers.
In Greek myth, the craftsman Daedalus invented human flight so a group of Minotaurs would stop teasing him about it.
At one time, Pumpkins were recommended for the removal of freckles and curing snake bites
85% of weddings are held in a synagogue or church
Dandelion root can be roasted and ground as a coffee substitute
Bananas contain a natural chemical which can make a person happy. This same chemical is found in Prozac
Charlie Brown's father was a barber.
People from the United States eat the most chicken per person than anywhere else in the world
A group of crows is called a murder
The head of a man’s penis is shaped to scoop other men’s semen out of the vagina.
The Chihuahua Desert is the largest desert in North America, and is over 200,000 square miles
In the United States, approximately 135 million cars travel every day on the streets, roads, and interstates.
The name Santa Claus came from Saint Nicholas who was a bishop in the town of Myra, and was known to be very nice to children
Astronaut Neil Armstrong first stepped on the moon with his left foot.
The book "Little Red Riding Hood" was banned in 1990 by two school districts in California. They did this because in the book there was a picture of a basket that had a bottle of wine in it
The Declaration of Independence was written on hemp paper.
Barbie's measurements, if she were life-size, would be 39-29-33.
On average a hedgehog's heart beats 300 times a minute.
The largest stamp was issued by China and measured 210 x 65 mm
Shakespeare is quoted 33,150 times in the Oxford English dictionary.
In China, people eat a bar of chocolate for every 1,000 chocolate bars eaten by the British
Prince Charles is an avid collecter of toilet seats.
A volcano has enough power to shoot ash as high as 50 km into the atmosphere
The average ear grows 0.01 inches in length every year
When Coca-Cola was invented, American tourists that visited Spain were surprised to see that Coke was three times as expensive as a glass of brandy
The surface area of an average-sized brick is 79 cm squared.
The average American/Canadian will eat about 11.9 pounds of cereal per year!
Colour is not an indicator for the taste or ripeness in cranberries
The United Parcel Service shipped the killer whale Keiko (star of Disney movie "Free Willy") from Mexico City to Newport, Oregon in 1998
The word "vamp" is used to describe the upper front top of a shoe
World Tourist day is observed on September 27.
Corvus is not flammable. Her flames are fueled by her hatred of emo-kid whining.
The word "America" comes from the European explorer "Amerigo Vespucci
Trees that are near street lights do not shed their leaves as fast as a tree that is in the country
Ancient Egyptians believed that onions would keep evil spirits away
Tokyo police caught a man that kept his mom's bones in his backpack for 9 years. 
The Falkland Isles (pop. about 2000) has over 700000 sheep (350 per person).
Enamel is hardest substance in the human body
Lake Baikal, in Siberia, is the deepest lake in the world
The Australian box-jellyfish has eight eyes
Donald Duck's middle name is Fauntleroy.  
A man hired assassins to kill his son’s WoW avatar to get him to stop playing.
William Marston engineered one of the earliest forms of the polygraph in the early 1900's. Later he went on to create the comic strip Wonder Woman, a story about a displaced Amazon princess who forces anyone caught in her magic lasso to tell the truth
The colours yellow, red, and orange are used in fast food restaraunts because those are the colours that stimulate hunger
People living on the east coast prefer creamy peanut butter, while people living on the west coast prefer chunky peanut butter
The average Japanese household watches more than 10 hours of television a day.
The only married couple to fly together in space were Jan Davis and Mark Lee, who flew aboard the Endeavor space shuttle from Sept 12-20, 1992
A honey bee can fly at fifteen miles per hour.
February is Black History Month.
Between 12%-15% of the population is left-handed
The first product to have a bar code was Wrigley’s gum. 
In a study conducted regarding toilet paper usage, Americans are said to use the most toilet paper per trip to the bathroom, which was seven sheets of toilet paper per trip
There are approximately 45 billion fat cells in an average adult
The town of Calma, Chile in the Atacama Desert has never had rain.
Every day the human stomach produces about 2 liters of hydrochloric acid
There are 318,979,564,000 possible combinations of the first four moves in Chess.
It was believed by Ancient Hindus that the world was a sphere and rested on the back of four elephants, which stood on a turtle
Back in 1953, it took 27 hours to make one Marshmallow Peep. Now it takes only six minutes
Found in Argentina, the ornate horned frog can eat an entire mouse with one swallow
Hitler and Napolean both had only one testical
A person infected with the SARS virus, has a 95-98% chance of recovery
Armadillos have four babies at a time, and they are always the same sex
There are 240 dots on an arcade Pac-Man game
Present population of 5 billion plus people of the world is predicted to become 15 billion by 2080.
In 1755, the first Canadian post office opened in Halifax, Nova Scotia. The fist Deputy Postmaster General was American inventor Benjamin Franklin who was later dismissed for sympathizing with the American revolutionary cause
Taipan snakes have 50 times more toxic venom than a cobra
The ZIP in “ZIP code” means Zoning Improvement Plan.
Thomas Edison designed a helicopter that would work with gunpowder. It ended up blowing up and also blew up his factory.
In Australia, a dust-devil is called a "willy-willy"
Surveys indicate that the number one reason people play BINGO is for leisure
The Lion King is the top grossing Disney movie of all-time with domestic gross intake of $312 million
The word "super" to a beekeeper refers to the hive box where the honey is stored
Seventy-one percent of households report they have at least one snorer. Forty-five percent of those surveyed admit they snore, 35% said their partner snores, 12% said their child snores and 9% reported their pet snores
summer is hot.
The "Star Spangled Banner" did not become a national anthem until 1931. It was designated by an Act of Congress
The highest recorded speed of a sneeze is 165 km per hour
Peaches were once known as Persian apples
In Iceland, a Big Mac costs $5.50.
In the Sahara Desert, there is a town named Tidikelt, which did not receive a drop of rain for ten years
The Nike swoosh was invented by Caroline Davidson back in 1971. She received $35 for making the swoosh. The first shoe with the swoosh was introduced in 1972
Bookkeeper is the only word in English language with three consecutive double letters
There are 315 species of parrot in the world
China has more English speakers than the United States.
Triskaidekaphobia means fear of the number 13.
Germany produces more than 5,000 varieties of beer and has about 1,300 breweries in country
A snake charmer in Bangladesh once found 3,500 poisonous cobras and their eggs hidden underneath the floors of two suburban homes
During World War II, Russians used dogs strapped with explosives to blow up German tanks. They trained the dogs to associate the tanks with food and ended up destroying about 25 German tanks using this method
Talc was used by cavemen 15,000 years ago as an ingredient added to make paint
The fur of the binturong, also known as the "Asian Bear Cat," smells like popcorn. The scent is believed to come from a gland located near the tail
Reno, Nevada is west of Los Angeles, California.
The most popular chocolate bar in the United Kingdom for the last 15 years has been Kit Kat
The only animal, besides humans that can get leprosy is the Armadillo
The triangular shape that Toblerone chocolates are packaged in, is protected by law
A can of Pepsi has 41 grams of sugar. This amount to about seven teaspoons of sugar
The Pentagon cost $49,600,000 to build in 1941
Barbie's full name is "Babara Millicent Roberts."
Central Park located in New York has 125 drinking fountains
More than three thousand people work on research in Antarctica each year
Albert Einstein and Charles Darwin both married their first cousins
Dogs can be trained to detect an upcoming epileptic seizure
Odontophobia is the fear of teeth.
It is illegal to hunt camels in the state of Arizona.
Dolphins can look in different directions with each eye. They can sleep with one eye open.
There are five million scent receptors located in a human beings nose
Lizards can self-amputate their tails for protection. It grows back after a few months.
In the Netherlands, there are special traffic lanes for bicycles. There are approximately 17,000 kms of cycle lanes with special bicycle traffic lights.
Women are 37% more likely to go to a psychiatrist than men are.
Babies that are exposed to cats and dogs in their first year of life have a lower chance of developing allergies when they grow older
The letter J does not appear anywhere on the periodic table of the elements
If we had the same mortality rate now as in 1900, more than half the people in the world today would not be alive.
The largest chicken egg ever laid weighed a pound and had a double yolk and shell
Totally Hair Barbie is the best selling Barbie of all time. It sold over ten million units
Americans spend around $30 billion in lawn care, annually.
The General Lee cars used in the popular show The Dukes of Hazards were 1969 Dodge Chargers
In 1992, the Antarctic Ozone hole was larger than the continent of North America.
In eighteenth-century English gambling dens, there was an employee whose only job was to swallow the dice if there was a police raid.
There are over 100 styles of BluBlocker sunglasses available on the market
The largest hamburger cooked in the world weighed in at 6,040 pounds
The small intestine in the human body is about 2 inches around, and 22 feet long
There are over 200 parts in a typical telephone
The first lighthouse was in Alexandria in 290 B.C
The official state mammal of Texas is the armadillo
Paul Hunn holds the record for the loudest burp, which was 118.1 decibels, which is as loud as a chainsaw
Bernd Eilts, a German artist, turns dried cow manure into wall clocks and small sculptures. He is now expanding his business to include cow dung wrist watches
If all the insects in the world were put on a scale, they would out weigh all creatures
To make one raindrop of water, it takes approximately a million cloud droplets
The roar that we hear when we place a seashell next to our ear is not the ocean, but rather the sound of blood surging through the veins in the ear. Any cup-shaped object placed over the ear produces the same effect.
Most lipstick contains fish scales.
William Shakespeare did not exist. His plays were masterminded in 1589 by Francis Bacon, who used a Ouija board to enslave play-writing ghosts.
Termites have been around for over 250 million years
Baskin Robbins once made ketchup ice cream. This was the only vegetable flavoured ice cream produced. However, they discontinued it since they thought it would not sell well
Play-Doh was introduced in 1956 by Hasbro Inc. The only color availabe was an off white, and it came in one size which a one and a half pound can
Turtles can breathe through their butts
Women blink nearly twice as much as men.
Singer Alice Cooper once had a live chicken thrown at him during a concert in Toronto. He threw the chicken back at the crowd and all the publicity surrounding the incident skyrocketed his singing career
Before the Wright Brothers invented the airplane, anyone wanting to fly anywhere was required to eat 200 pounds of helium.
The symbol on the "pound" key (#) is called an octothorpe..  
Although the outsides of a bone are hard, they are generally light and soft inside. They are about 75% water
38% of Americans eat breakfast everyday
96% of people put the peanut butter on first when making a peanut butter and jelly sandwich
The Apollo 17 crew were the last men on the moon
The dragonfly has not changed over the last 300 million years
Rats multiply so quickly that in 18 months, two rats could have over million descendants.
People with darker skin will not wrinkle as fast as people with lighter skin
Studies show that divorced women have more trouble starting new relationships than divorced men
A survey done by Clairol 10 years ago came up with 46% of men stating that it was okay to color their hair. Now 66% of men admit to coloring their hair
In 1946, the New York Yankees became the first baseball team to travel by plane
The speed at which honey bees fly is at 15 miles per hour
On average men spend 51 minutes a day grooming themselves
The story of Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer was written in 1939 for a store promotion by an advertising employee of the department store Montgomery Ward
A Canadian, Troy Hurtubise, spent $100,000 and almost went bankrupt building a RoboCop style suit so that he could withstand a bear attack
On average, 35 meters of hair fibre is produced on the adult scalp
French artist, Michel Vienkot, uses cow dung as paint when he creates his pictures
Border collies are the most intelligent breed of dog
The Space Sphere will never go to space.
People who studies laughter are called a "gelotologists."
The numbers '172' can be found on the back of the U.S. $5 dollar bill in the bushes at the base of the Lincoln Memorial.
The name of the squiggly line "~" is called a tilde
The highest consumption of Pizza occurs during Super Bowl week
In a year, an average person uses the toilet 2500 times a year
The average American kid will eat approximately 1.500 peanut butter sandwiches by high school graduation
Urophobia is the fear of urine or urinating
The Mount Horeb Mustard Museum which is located in Wisconsin has the biggest collection of prepared mustards. They have approximately 4,000 different jars and tubes from all over the world
Ketchup was sold in the 1830s as medicine.
When Coca-Cola began to be sold in China, they used characters that would sound like "Coca-Cola" when spoken. Unfortunately, what they turned out to mean was "Bite the wax tadpole". It did not sell well
Central air conditioners use 98% more energy than ceiling fans.
The U.S. Post Office handles 43 percent of the world’s mail.
Instead of a Birthday Cake, many Russian children are given a Birthday Pie
The oldest bird on record was Cocky, a cockatoo, who died in the London Zoo at the age of 82
Reptiles do not perspire, and do not have any oil glands
The skeleton of a spider is located on the outside of the body. The name for this is exoskelton
In 1993 a Missouri man purposely damaged a levee on the Mississippi river to delay his wife coming home from work so he could party. Instead the river flooded 14,000 acres. 
People say “bless you” when you sneeze because your heart stops for a millisecond.
There are over 600 different pasta shapes
Arthur Giblin was the inventor of the first "flushable" toilet
The 1912 Olympics was the last Olympics that gave out gold medals that were made entirely out of gold
70% of the poor people in the world are female
Walt Disney holds the record for the most Oscar nominations with sixty-four
Respiratory Disease is China's leading cause of death.
Lithuania has the highest suicide rate in the world.
Diamonds are made when coal is put under intense pressure. Diamonds put under intense pressure become foam pellets, commonly used today as packing material.
The number one cause of rabies in the United States are bats
Coffee has about five times the amount of caffeine as a can of Coke
The smallest will ever written was 3.8 cm in diameter. It had 40 words written on it and was signed by two witnesses
The first episode of the popular television sitcom Happy Days was titled "All The Way."
Chewing on gum while cutting onions can help a person from producing tears
Tobacco kills more Americans each year than alcohol, cocaine, crack, heroin, homicide, suicide, car accidents, fire and AIDS combined
The NY phone book had 22 Hitlers before WWII. The NY phone book had 0 Hitlers after WWII.
Table tennis balls have been known to travel off the paddle at speeds up to 160 km/hr. 
The first formal rules for playing the sport of baseball required the winning team to score 21 runs
John Adams, Thomas Jefferson, and James Monroe died on July 4th.
The greatest snowfall ever in a single storm was 189 inches at the Mount Shasta Ski Bowl in February, 1959.
There is a town named Dildo in the province of Newfoundland, Canada
Baby Ruth candy bar was named after Grover Cleveland’s daughter, Ruth, not the baseball player.
In 1845, inventor Thomas Adams started the world's first chewing gum factory.
The game Monopoly was once very popular in Cuba; however, Fidel Castro ordered that all games be destroyed
Another name for licorice is "Sweet Wood" or "Spanish Juice."
The largest employer in Central Florida is Walt Disney World. There are approximately 50,000 people working there
Mary Stuart became Queen of Scotland when she was only six days old.
There is a dog museum in St. Louis, Missouri
The average height of an NBA basketball player is 6 feet 7 inches
Months that begin on a Sunday will always have a "Friday the 13th."
The average four year-old child asks over four hundred questions a day
In the last 3,500 years, there have been approximately 230 years of peace throughout the civilized world.
The Barbie doll has more than 80 careers
The difference between horns and antlers is that horns never stop growing and antlers shed and grow every year
The world’s oldest piece of chewing gum is 9000 years old!
Fido means faithful in Latin
The coliseum in Rome was used regularly for about 400 years
Snake venom is ninety percent protein
In ancient Greece, throwing an apple to a girl was a way to propose for marriage.. If the girl caught it, that would mean she accepts
Coffee beans were chewed for more than 400 years before the first cup of coffee was brewed
The Black Widow spider eats her mate during or after sex.
In 2012 a 14 year old North Korean schoolgirl drowned in a flood trying to save portraits of Kim Il Sung and Kim Jong Il.
There are no words in the dictionary that rhyme with orange, purple, silver and month.
It is physically impossible for pigs to look up into the sky
The name of the character that is behind bars in the Monopoly board game is Jake the Jailbird
All the Krispy Kreme donut stores collectively could make a doughnut stack as high as the Empire State Building in only 2 minutes
If all the Oreo cookies ever sold were stacked on top of one another, they would be as high as 13.3 million Sears Towers
Franklin Pierce was the first U.S. President to have a Christmas tree in the White House
Vatican City is the smallest country in the world, with a population of 1000 and a size 108.7 acres
In the U.S. there are approximately 65.8 million cats
Kangaroos are born with wings that later in life fall off.
In ancient Greece "idiot" meant a private citizen or layman.
The smallest bird in the world is the bee hummingbird. The bird is 2.24 inches long
Cheetahs are the fastest land animal and can reach speeds up to 72mph
The San Francisco Cable cars are the only mobile National Monuments.
The dot over the letter “i” is called a tittle.
In 1832, in Paisley, Scotland the first municipal water filtration works was opened
Underground is the only word in the English language that begins and ends with the letters "und"
In a lifetime, the average driver will honk 15,250 times
When Queen Elizabeth I of England died she owned over 3,000 gowns
In 1936, the first practical helicopter was invented. It was the German Focke-Wulf Fw 61.
The smile is the most frequently used facial expression. A smile can use anywhere from a pair of 5 to 53 facial muscles
A goldfish has a memory span of three seconds.  
Jupiter is the fastest rotating planet, which can complete one revolution in less than ten hours
In 1946 Danon Yogurt were the first to add fruit to commercially produced yogurt in U.S
Sharks are immune to cancer
The creator of Peter Pan, JM Barrie, gave the rights to a children’s hospital so they would always collect the royalties and fund the hospital.
Al Capone’s business card said he was a used furniture dealer.
The loss of eyelashes is referred to as madarosis
The first toilet tank ever seen on television was on Leave it to Beaver
California has issued 6 drivers licenses to people named "Jesus Christ."
A chicken once had its head cut off and survived for over eighteen months, headless
You can only smell 1/20th as well as a dog
Chameleon is derived from the Greek, meaning "little lion."
Montpelier, Vermont is the only state capital without a McDonalds.
Half the foods eaten throughout the world today were developed by farmers in the Andes Mountains (including potatoes, maize, sweet potatoes, squash, all varieties of beans, peanuts, manioc, papayas, strawberries, mulberries and many others).
Bananas trees are not really trees. They are considered to be giant herb plants
The sentence "the quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog" uses every letter in the english language
There are 1,575 steps from the ground floor to the top of the Empire State building. 
There are only four words in the English language which end in"-dous": tremendous, horrendous, stupendous, and hazardous
David Rice Atchinson was President of the United States for exactly one day. This happened due to a glitch in American law at the time. new
The catfish has the most taste buds of all animals, having over 27,000 of them.
Coca-Cola was originally marketed for whites, while Pepsi was marketed for blacks.
The average Super Bowl party has 18 people
One grape vine produce can produce about 20 to 30 glasses of wine
Coca-cola used to use the slogan "Good to the last drop," in 1908. This slogan was later used by Maxwell House
Scientists have determined that having guilty feelings may actually damage your immune system
Edwin Armstrong invented FM radio in 1933. The first men to use FM radio to communicate with Earth from the moon's surface were named Edwin Aldrin and Neil Armstrong.
The Cincinnati Reds are the oldest professional baseball team
The first fruit eaten on the moon was a peach
Mr. Butts invented the game SCRABBLE. The game was originally called "Criss Cross Words."
The blue whale is the loudest animal on the earth. Its whistle can reach up to 188 decibels
Every year 4 people in the UK die putting their trousers on.
An ostrich's eye is bigger that it's brain.
Five percent of the people who use personal ads for dating are already married
Over 50% of the wedding in the U.S. occur in the afternoon
The average adult has approximately six pounds of skin
Women who are romance novel readers are reported to make love 74% more often with their partners than women who do not read romance novels.
They NEVER said “Beam me up, Scotty” on Star Trek.
The national anthem of Greece has 158 verses.
The first automobile race ever seen in the United States was held in Chicago in 1895. The track ran from Chicago to Evanston, Illinois. The winner was J. Frank Duryea, whose average speed was 71/2 miles per hour.
The Hollywood sign was first erected in 1923. It was first erected as "Hollywoodland."
The katydid bug hears through holes in its hind legs!
The markings that are found on dice are called "pips."
Platypuses mate in the water
Lighthouse keepers were nicknamed "wickies" because they tended the lamps wick
The giant squid has the largest eyes in the world. 
Approximately 40% of the U.S. paper currency in circulation was counterfeit by the end of the Civil War
You can send a postcard from Hell. There is a small town located in the Cayman Islands called "Hell." They even have a post office
Botanically a rhubarb is a vegetable. It was changed to a fruit in 1947 by a U.S. Custom Court
On average, a baby in the United States will eat fifteen pounds of cereal in their first year of life
A ear trumpet was used before the hearing aid was invented by people who had difficulty hearing
Fran Capo currently holds the Guinness record as the fastest talking woman in the world — 603.32 words in 54.2 seconds.
The site with the highest number of women visitors between the age of 35 and 44 years old: Alka-Seltzer.com
The cigarette lighter was invented before the match.
Tug of war was an Olympic event from 1900-1920
Saturday is the most popular day for people to eat out in the United States
In 1982, a cactus in Phoenix, Arizona killed a man. David Grundman fired two shotgun blasts at a giant saguaro cactus that ended up falling on top of him
The papaya tree is known as "the medicinal tree" in some cultures because it?s seeds and leaves have been used as ingredients in different medicines
One quarter of the bones in your body are in your feet.
The thickness of the Arctic ice sheet is on average 10 feet. There are some areas that are thick as 65 feet
The microwave oven was invented after a researcher walked by a radar tube and a chocolate bar melted in his pocket.
Over the course of one year, a coffee tree only produces about 1.5 pounds of coffee
In the 20th century, over three million people have died from earthquakes
Nepal is the only country that has a non-rectangular flag. It is also asymmetrical.
Studies indicate that listening to music is good for digestion
One acre of wheat can produce enough bread to feed a family of four people for about ten years
The act of sneezing is referred to as sternutation
The purpose of tonsils is to destroy foreign substances that are swallowed or breathed in
Police in India get paid more if they grow moustaches. 
Halley's Comet can be viewed orbiting Earth every seventy-six years. For the other seventy-five, it retreats to the heart of the sun, where it hibernates undisturbed.
Tomatina is the legendary Spanish tomato-throwing festival held in Bunol, Spain
Each day the sun causes about one trillion tons of water to evaporate
In America, one out of every two marriages ends up in divorce
The world's youngest parents were 8 and 9 and lived in China in 1910.
In California and 3 other US states, “Ladie’s Night” are against the law because they are considered “gender discrimination”.
Flamingos are able to fly at a speed of approximately 55 kilometers an hour. In one night they can travel about 600 km
Coupons were introduced in 1894 when Asa Candler bought the Coca-Cola formula for $2,300 and gave people coupons that he had written out to receive a free glass of coke
Olive oil can help in lowering cholesterol levels and decreasing the risk of heart complications
You could stand to lose a few pounds.
Each year the Pentagon estimates their computer network is hacked about 250,000 times annually
In the United States, six tubs of Cool Whip, a brand of whipping cream, are sold every second
The U.S. bought Alaska for 2 cents an acre from Russia.
The longest hiccups on record was by an American pig farmer whose hiccups persisted from 1922 to 1987
Greenland is the largest island in the world.
The destruction of the Berlin Wall began when private citizens began to demolish entire sections of the Wall without interference from government officials on November 9, 1989
The Mexican-American War ended in 1848 with the signing of the Treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo.
Mary Hart, the co-anchor of Entertainment Tonight, has each of her legs insured for one million dollars
Sheep can survive for up to two weeks buried in snow drifts.Click Here For More Details
The toothbrush was invented in China in 1498.
Great White sharks have about 3,000 teeth
The greatest mountain range is the Mid-Ocean Ridge, extending 64,374 km from the Arctic Ocean to the Atlantic Ocean
Approximately 97.35618329% of all statistics are made up
The record for the longest Monopoly game played in a bathtub is ninety-nine hours
There is an average of 61,000 people airborne over the US at any given moment.
Banging your head against a wall uses 150 calories an hour.
Paper money is not made from wood pulp but from cotton. This means that it will not disintegrate as fast if it is put in the laundry
At 120 miles per hour, a Formula One car generates so much downforce that it can drive upside down on the roof of a tunnel
In 1386, a pig in France was executed by public hanging for the murder of a child
The name "Grey Poupon" used for mustard comes from two people: Maurice Grey and Auguste Poupon. Grey was the inventor of a machine that mass produced fine textured mustard, and Poupon was an already established maker of mustard.
Cuba is the only island in the Caribbean to have a railroad.
The first McDonald's restaurant in Canada was in Richmond, British Columbia.
Decaffeinated coffee is not 100% caffeine free. When coffee is being decaffeinated, 2% of the caffeine still remains in it
There have been close to 200 coups and counter-coups in the country of Bolivia
Brain damage will only occur if a fever goes above 107.6 degrees farenheit
The praying mantis is the only insect that can turn its head
In 1980, there was only one country in the world with no telephones - Bhutan
In the 18th century, potatoes were given out as a dessert. They were served in a napkin, salted and hot
US Dollar bills are made out of cotton and linen.
Former U.S. President Abraham Lincoln suffered a nervous breakdown in 1836
Leonardo Da Vinci never signed or dated his most famous painting, the Mona Lisa
95% of the entire lemon crop produced in the U.S. is from California and Arizona
Sharks have survived on earth for about 400 million years
Milton Bradley originally wanted to name the game Twister, Pretzel; but he could not since the name was copyrighted
There is approximately one chicken for every human being in the world.
California consumes more bottled water than any other product.
A group of kangaroos is called a mob
The human brain uses the same amount of energy as a 10-watt light bulb
The Beatles have sold more records than anyone else with over a billion worldwide
Every day 2,700 people die of heart disease
A cubic yard of air weighs about 2 pounds at sea level.
The sound made by the Victoria Falls in Zimbabwe is so loud that it can be heard 40 miles away
Belize is the only country in the world with a jaguar preserve
There are over one billion people that are actively involved in rice growth
Energy is being wasted if a toaster is left plugged in after use
The only bone fully grown at birth is located in the ear
The story of Mulan had been told in China for almost 1,500 years before Disney decided to make it into an animated movie
Ancient Egyptian priests would pluck every hair from their bodies.
The largest shopping mall in the world is the West Edmonton Mall located in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada
Every 30 seconds a house fire doubles in size
Singer Paula Abdul used to be a cheerleader for the Los Angeles Lakers
It takes approximately 12 years for Jupiter to orbit the sun
The strongest muscle (Relative to size) in the body is the tongue.
In medieval France, unfaithful wives were made to chase a chicken through town naked.
Coca-Cola was the first soft drink to be consumed in outer space
Hummingbirds are the only birds that can fly backwards
In the late 1800's, washing machines and butter churners were sometimes powered by dogs walking on treadmills.
Over 175 million cubic yards of earth was removed for the creation of the Panama Canal
On average, an American makes three pounds of garbage in a day
Impotence is grounds for divorce in 26 U.S. states
No NFL team which plays its home games in a domed stadium has ever won a Superbowl
May babies are on average 200 grams heavier than babies born in other months
It took approximately 2.5 million blocks to build the Pyramid of Giza, which is one of the Great Pyramids
The adult human body requires about 88 pounds of oxygen daily
The surviving SEAL from the events that inspired Lone Survivor supports the Afgani man who saved him with royalties from the book.
British scientists have found evidence that heart attacks increase significantly for people who watch soccer penalty shoot-outs
Orville Wright was involved in the first aircraft accident. His passenger, a Frenchman, was killed.
In 1948 and 1950 the oldest ears of popping corn were discovered. They were located in the Bat Cave of west central New Mexico. They ranged in size from smaller than a penny to approximately two inches, and were about 4,000 years old
Mosquito repellents don't repel. They hide you. The spray blocks the mosquito's sensors so they don't know you're there.
The size of a red blood cell is 708 microns. This is equivalent to one millionth of a meter
Dalmatian puppies do not have any spots on them when they are born. They actually develop them as they get older
The word "sophomore" means "sophisticated moron."
In the U.S., 75% of the pencils sold are painted yellow
Only one out of every three people wash their hands when leaving a public bathroom
Giraffes and rats can last longer without water than camels.
The longest word comprised of one row on the keyboard is: TYPEWRITER
A cow gives nearly 200,000 glasses of milk in her lifetime.
No word in the English language rhymes with month, orange, silver, or purple.
The heaviest United States President was William Howard Taft who weighed 332 pounds
A surfer once sued another surfer for "stealing his wave." The case was thrown out because the court was unable to put a price on "pain and suffering" endured by the surfer watching someone else ride "his" wave
The word alligator comes from the Spanish word El Lagarto, which means "The Lizard."
Cow is a Japanese brand of shaving foam
Research on pigs led to the development of CAT scans.
African Baobab tree's circumference can reach 180 feet. If the trunk is hollow, 20 people would be able to fit inside of it.
The only sound Seahorses make is a small clicking or popping sound during feeding or courtship
The human feet perspire half a pint of fluid a day
There was a post office on the Russian space station Mir. Visiting cosmonauts would use unique postal "markers" to stamp envelopes and other items as having flown aboard the Mir space station
In 1963, Mister Rogers was ordained as a Presbyterian minister
A housefly can only ingest liquid material. They regurgitate their food to liquify the food that they are going to eat
There are 1,792 steps in the Eiffel Tower
In Australia, a common "Boxing day" activity is surfing
Each day, anywhere from 35-150 species of life go extinct
In “Silence of the Lambs”, Hannibal Lector (Anthony Hopkins) never blinks.
For every 230 cars that are made, 1 will be stolen.
Mosquitoes have teeth
The only domestic animal not mentioned in the Bible is the cat. 
Twit is the name given for a pregnant goldfish
A monkey was once tried and convicted for smoking a cigarette in South Bend, Indiana
Unlike other four legged mammals, kangaroos cannot walk backwards
The Bank of America was originally called the Bank of Italy until the founder, Amedeo Giannini, changed the name in 1930
It's against the law to doze off under a hair dryer in Florida/against the law to slap an old friend on the back in Georgia/against the law to Play hopscotch on a Sunday in Missouri.
A fall of 30 feet can be survived my most cats
About 85% or product warning labels on household products are inadequate
Lorne Greene had one of his nipples bitten off by an alligator while he was host of "Lorne Greene's Wild Kingdom."
Your stomach has to produce a new layer of mucus every two weeks or it will digest itself.
Every person has a unique tongue print
Due to the shortages of lead and metals during World War II, toothpaste was packaged in plastic tubes and have been ever since
Some of the titles that were considered for the hit T.V. show "Friends" were Six Of One, Across the Hall, and Insomnia Cafe
It’s estimated that at any one time around 0.7% of the world’s population is drunk.
Mars is the home of Olympus Mons, the largest known volcano in our solar system
On average people fear spiders more than they do death.
In the White House, there are 13,092 knives, forks and spoons!
1 in every 4 Americans has appeared someway or another on television.
When we think of Big Ben in London, we think of the clock. Actually, it's the bell.
More bullets were fired in 'Starship Troopers' than any other movie ever made.
George Washington had to borrow money to go to his own inauguration
Feb 1865 and Feb 1999 are the only months in recorded history not to have a full moon
In 2002, dogs have killed more people in the U.S. than the Great White shark has killed in the past 100 years
In a year, Americans eat approximately 20 billion pickles
Some birds have been know to put ants into their feathers because the ants squirt formic acid, which kills parasites
The first World Series baseball playoffs occurred in 1903
Scientists with high-speed cameras have discovered that rain drops are not tear shaped but rather look like hamburger buns.
Australian Graham Barker extracted his own belly button fluff every day for 18 years acquiring a record-breaking amount of fluff. He hopes to accumulate enough fluff to stuff a pillow
The actor who played the T-1000 in Terminator 2 (Robert Patrick) and the lead singer of Filter are brothers
The human heart beast roughly 35 million times a year
In 1949, forecasting the relentless march of science, Popular Mechanics said "Computers in the future may weigh no more than 1.5 tons."
The beeswax that is produced by Honey bees comes from eight paired glands that are located on the underside of their stomach
Pixie, a Siberian Husky, gave birth to 7 puppies, one of which was bright green
The Adventure Sphere is a blowhard and a coward.
The reason why some people get a cowlick is because the growth of their hair is in a spiral pattern, which causes the hair to either stand straight up, or goes to a certain angle
The longest town name in the world has 167 letters
A flea can jump 150 times its size. That is the same as a person able to jump up 1,000 feet in the air
rainy days are wetter than sunny days.
Actor Richard Gere was considered to play the role of John McClane in the movie Die Hard. Bruce Willis played the part instead
The act of stretching and yawning is referred to as pandiculation
The Tariff Act of 1789, established to protect domestic manufacture, was the second statute ever enacted by the United States government.
The town of Olney, Illinois celebrates a "Squirrel Day" festival to honour the 200 albino squirrels that live in the town. The festival includes a squirrel blessing by a priest
It would take about fourteen and half million notes of currency to build a mile high stack
About two hundred years before the birth of Christ, the Druids used mistletoe to celebrate that winter was approaching
In the movie "The Exorcist" the vomit that (Regan) Linda Blair hurls at Father Damien Karras is thick pea soup
The Goliath beetle is about the size of your fist and can weigh as much as 3-4 ounces
A Hungarian named Ladislo Biro invented the first ballpoint pen in 1938.
Ed Cox from San Francisco invented the pot scrubbing S.O.S. pads in 1917. His wife came up with the name, which stands for "Save Our Saucepans."
500,000 kids in the US live in same sex households
Scotland has more redheads than any other part of the world.
In a pack of Skittles candy, there is an equal 20% distribution of each flavour
Each year in America there are about 300,000 deaths that can be attributed to obesity.
The town with the most stop signs per capita than any other in the US: LaConner, Washington
The first TONKA truck was made in 1947
Over 250 million Slinky toys have been sold since its debut in 1946
$283,200 is the absolute highest amount of money you can win on Jeopardy.
Some asteroids have other asteroids orbiting them
During an experiment on the NY subway, seated passengers were asked “Excuse me, may I please have your seat?” 56% of them moved.
The iron disulfide (Pyrite) is considered "fool's gold" because it looks very similar to gold.
The average person spends two weeks of their life kissing
In one day, the Tootsie Roll Industry makes over 16 million lollipops
Rabbits can live up to ten years
Badminton originates from a sport in India called "poona."
A starfish can turn its stomach inside out
Cats have over one hundred vocal sounds, dogs only have about ten
60% of US college students are women and every state except Utah has more women than men enrolled in college. 
The company "Sony" was originally called "Totsuken." They felt the name "Sony" would be easier to pronounce.
There is a city called Smackover located in Arkansas
Ants do not sleep
Australia has had stamps that actually look like gems. In 1995 and 1996 they used a special technology to make the stamps look like diamonds and opals.
Budweiser beer is named after a town in Czechoslovakia
The average American butt is 14.9 inches long.
The glue on Israeli postage stamps is certified kosher
India has a Bill of Rights for cows.
Before 1859, baseball umpires were seated in padded chairs behind home plate
When opossums are playing 'possum, they are not "playing." Theyactually pass out from sheer terror.
Annually a thousand people are killed by scorpions in Mexico
Of all the countries, Brazil has the most plant species, with over 56,000
Shridhar Chillal from India is known to have the record for the longest fingernails in the world, which were each at least three feet long
Sharkskin has tiny tooth-like scales all over.
IBM’s motto is “Think”. Apple later made their motto “Think different”.
Some lions mate over 50 times a day.
The human body has approximately 37,000 miles of capillaries
Ninety percent of New York City cabbies are recently arrived immigrants.
The surface of the human skin is 6.5 square feet (2m).
Incas used to create pots in the shape of peanuts that were highly prized
In Russia, when flowers are given for a romantic occasions, flowers are given in odds numbers as even number of flowers is given at funerals only
In the US, you can be TOO smart to be a policeman.
Most Egyptians died by the time they were 30 about 300 years ago,
In an average lifetime, people spend four years traveling in cars and six months waiting for red light to turn green
The average North American car contains 300 pounds of plastics
Each Jelly Belly jelly belly bean has 4 calories
Eating parsley after eating an onion can help in getting rid of onion breath
A spider has transparent blood.
About 30% of Canadians rely on getting their water from the ground for their domestic use
Canada is an Indian word meaning "village" or "settlement."
In 1938, Cliquot Club ginger ale was the first soft drink to be canned
Fictional/horror writer Stephen King sleeps with a nearby light on to calm his fear of the dark. 
When Alexander Graham Bell invented the telephone back in 1876, only six phones were sold in the first month.
3.6 cans of Spam are consumed each second.
All of the Peking ducks in the United States are descendents from three ducks and one drake imported to Long Island, New York in 1873
About 1 in 5,000 North Atlantic lobsters are born bright blue
The study of the iris of the eye is called iridology
There is a Harley-Davidson that was designed as an exact replica of a hamburger
In-vitro babies are born in Australia more than any other country in the world
The human brain has about 100,000,000,000 (100 billion) neurons
The life expectancy of a garbage disposal is about 5 to 10 years
The reason the Animal Crackers box is so they could be hung from Christmas trees
Indonesia consists only of islands - 13,667 total
Infants spend more time dreaming than adults do
Beatrix Potter created the first of her legendary "Peter Rabbit" children's stories in 1902.
One out of every 43 prisoners escapes from jail. 94% are recaptured.
In 1681, the last dodo bird died
The word "Denim" comes from the French phrase "serge de Nimes" which is a fabric made in a town located in southern France
Over 500 million gallons of Kool-Aid drink are consumed each year
Since the United Nations was founded in 1945, there have been 140 wars
Human thigh bones are stronger than concrete.
The water displacement product, WD-40, can be found in 80% of American homes
One ragweed plant can release as many as a million grains of pollen in one day
There’s a man in New York City who mines sidewalk cracks for gold. He can make over $600 a week.
89% of magic tricks are not magic. Technically, they are sorcery.
Hair and fingernails are made from the same substance, keratin
Pants were invented by sailors in the sixteenth century to avoid Poseidon's wrath. It was believed that the sight of naked sailors angered the sea god.
In 1825, the first toilet was installed in the White House
The Big Bang Theory was invented by a Catholic Priest.
An American chews an average of 300 sticks of gum in a year
There are some hospitals in Shanghai that have issued a rule that a nurse must wear lipstick while on duty
There are more donut shops in Canada per capita than any other country.
Archeologists report that cannabis was most likely the first plant cultivated by humans. Cannabis was used for linen, paper, and garments
Men are more likely to be colorblind than women. About one of out of 12 men are colorblind
Fine-grained volcanic ash can be found as an ingredient in some toothpaste
Winston Churchill was born in a ladies' room during a dance.
The Tonle Sap River in Cambodia flows north for almost half the year and then south for the rest of the year
Canadians eat more Kraft Dinner (Macaroni and Cheese) per capita than any other country in the world
898 tornadoes were recorded to have occurred in the United States in the year 2000.
Pretzel snacks have been around for over 1300 years. A European monk invented the snack using used leftover bread dough
The Canadian province of New Brunswick had a bloodless war with the US state of Maine in 1839
Mexican jumping beans jump because of moth larvae inside the bean
Each year approximately half of billions dollars is spent on bubble gum by the kids in North America
In Belgium, 94% of children under the age of fourteen own LEGO products
The ant can lift 50 times its own weight, can pull 30 times its own weight, and always falls over on its right side when intoxicated
Dumbest Dog: Afghan hound
Queen Victoria used marijuana, to help relieve menstrual cramp pain
A little under one quarter of the people in the world are vegetarians
The average person spends about 2 years on the phone in a lifetime.
The most popular recipient of Valentine cards are school teachers
February 17th, 1930, was the first flight by a cow in an airplane. The milk that was produced by the cow during the flight was put into containers and parachuted over the city of St. Louis
In Japan, watermelons are squared. It's easier to stack them that way.
The three most valuable brand names on earth: Marlboro, Coca Cola, and Budweiser, in that order
Vikings, after killing their enemies, used their skulls as drinking vessels
Americans on the average eat 18 acres of pizza every day.
On average, the American household consumes six pounds of peanut butter annually
The human face is made up of 14 bones
People in France own more pets in the world per person than any other country
Dolphins can swim and sleep at the same time
There are an estimated 2,500 collisions between birds and planes each year in the US
Each year, Americans throw away 25 trillion Styrofoam cups
Humphrey Bogart NEVER said “Play it again, Sam” in Casablanca
In 1988, the largest ice cream sundae in history was made. It was made in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada, and weighed in at over 24 tons
The most popular brand of raisins is Sunmaid
In Ireland, a prime minister is a called a Taoiseach
It takes seven to ten days to make a jelly belly jellybean
Some Chinese chopsticks contain gold as on of their materials
Pretzel that have no salt on them are called "baldies."
What is called a "French kiss" in the English speaking world is known as an "English kiss" in France.
The first American astronaut in space was Alan B. Shepard Jr
In the year 2000, there were approximately 11,000 injuries that were treated in a hospital in the U.S. that resulted from fireworks
There are a million ants for every person on Earth.
TWIX Caramel Cookie Bars were first introduced in 1979
The fleshy bulbs on each side of your nose are called the Alea (AY-lee) singular Ala (AY-luh)
Chinese Crested dogs can get acne. 
The stapler was invented in Spring Valley, Minnesota.
7-Eleven is the largest retail chain in the world. Click Here For More Details
On October 15, 1794, the first silver dollar coins were released to be circulated to the public
A "gelotologist" is a person who studies laughter
The smallest frog is the "Brazilian baby frog", which is smaller than a dime
All polar bears are left-handed.
The most money ever paid for a cow in an auction was $1.3 million.
Apples are part of the rose family
There were approximately 2,228 people on board the Titanic when it sank. Of this, only 706 people survived
A skunk's smell can be detected by a human a mile away.
The average life expectancy of an ant is about 90 days
99% of the blueberries that are produced in the United States are produced in the state of Maine
Each honeycomb in Honeycomb cereal has seven holes
A car that shifts manually gets 2 miles more per gallon of gas than a car with automatic shift.
In the UK, one third of accidental deaths that happen occur in the home
The only nation whose name begins with an "A", but doesn't end in an "A" is Afghanistan.
98% of all murders and rapes are by a close family member or friend of the victim.
The angel falls in Venezuela are nearly 20 times taller than Niagara Falls.
The country of Bolivia is named after a fighter Simon Bolivar
Neptune was the first planet in our solar system to be discovered by mathematics
One in seven workers in Boston, Massachusetts walks to work.
The male praying mantis cannot copulate while its head is attached to its body. The female initiates sex by ripping the males head off
Sex is biochemically no different from eating large quantities of chocolate.
Soy crayons have been invented to replace wax crayons and one acre of soybeans can produce over 80,000 crayons
A British term for slot machine is "fruit machine" or "one-armed bandit."
On average, 12 newborns will be given to the wrong parents daily.
Kiwis are the only known bird to have nostrils located at the tip of their beak
In 1984, Ronald Reagan declared the month of July to be "National Ice Cream Month."
In China, there is a species of yam that is used to make a dye
It would take 11 Empire State Buildings, stacked one on top of the other, to measure the Gulf of Mexico at its deepest point.
The conjunctiva is a membrane that covers the human eye
The Crips street gang was originally formed as a Neighborhood Watch to eliminate criminal gangs by force.
Intelligent people have more zinc and copper in their hair.
The average human will shed 40 pounds of skin in a lifetime.
Frank Wathernam was the last prisoner to leave Alcatraz prison on March 21, 1963
Q is the only letter in the alphabet that does not appear in the name of any of the United States!
The TV show Doctor Who, when it was popular, had an audience of 110 million people
Camels have three eyelids to protect themselves from blowing sand.
Frogs do not need to drink water as they absorb the water through their skin
Ninety-nine percent of pumpkins sold in the United States are for the sole purpose of decoration
The largest hotel in the world is the MGM Grand, which has 5,034 rooms and is located in Las Vegas, Nevada
The average woman consumes 6 lbs of lipstick in her lifetime.
An estimated 690 million people live in Africa
Percentage of Americans who have visited Disneyland/Disney World: 70%
A crocodiles tongue is attached to the roof of its mouth.
If a lobster loses an eye or a claw it can usually grow a new one
Deliberately infecting people with malaria has been used to cure different viral infections. The high fever will strengthen the immune system and fight the virus. In recent times this has been considered as a treatment to HIV
If a raisin is dropped into a glass of champagne it will bounce up and down in the glass
Monopoly is the best-selling board game in the world
French astronomer Adrien Auzout had once considered building a telescope that was 1,000 feet long in the 1600s. He thought the magnification would be so great, he would see animals on the moon
A small drip from a faucet can waste up to 50 gallons of water daily, which is enough water to run a dishwasher twice on a full cycle
The most popular ethnic food in the United States is Italian food
Walmart-mart sells more apparel a year than all the other competing department stores combined
People who meet their calcium need reduce their risk of developing kidney stones
In Australia, the average person uses 876 gallons of water daily. In Switzerland they use only 77 gallons of water per person daily
The "save" icon on Microsoft Word shows a floppy disk with the shutter on backwards.
You will never go into space.
Acorns were used as a coffee substitute during the American Civil War
Nine egg yolks have been found in one chicken egg
The S in Harry S. Truman did not stand for anything.
The longest place-name still in use is: Taumatawhakatangihangakoauauotamateaturipukakapikimaungahoronukupokaiakitnatahu, a New Zealand hill.  
There are 45 miles of nerves in the skin of a human being.
A Singapore singing group by the name of "The Oriental Singers," sang non-stop for 74 hours and five minutes
The smallest man ever was Gul Mohammed (1957-1997) of India, who measured 1 feet, 10? inches
Chicago has the largest cookie factory, where Nabisco made over 4.6 billion "Oreo" cookies in 1997
The most expensive perfume in the world is Parfum VI, which was made by Arthur Burnham. A 4 inch bottle which is covered with diamonds and 24-carat gold costs $71,380
The laundry detergent Tide, has a market share of about forty percent market
On September 3, 1970, a hailstone was found in Coffeyville, Kansas that was eight inches in diameter and weighed 1.67 pounds.
Bubble gum contains rubber
Mexico City sinks about 10 inches a year
There's a systematic lull in conversation every 7 minutes.
Maine is the only state that has borders with only one other state.
A honey bee has four wings
The Michelin man is known as Mr. Bib. His name was Bibendum in the company’s first ads in 1896.
One bushel of wheat can make enough sandwiches that you could eat three sandwiches a day for over six months
Wild turkeys can run at speeds of up to 25 miles per hour
A cat's jaw cannot move sideways.
The Vatican city registered 0 births in 1983
The lifespan of a rhinoceros is generally 50 years
The city of Chicago has the only post office in the world where you can drive your car through
About 25% of all the energy consumed in the US is from natural gas
It is not possible to tickle yourself. The cerebellum, a part of the brain, warns the rest of the brain that you are about to tickle yourself. Since your brain knows this, it ignores the resulting sensation
66% of wedding cards are hand delivered by people
An olive tree can live up to 1500 years
More Monopoly money is printed in a year, than real money throughout the world.
The rarest chocolate bar in the world is the Porcelana bar. There are only 20,000 of these bars produced a year, and they sell for $90 per pound
The American Kestrel hawk weighs only four ounces
Studies have shown that by putting on slow background music it can make a person eat food at a slower rate
John Van Wormer invented paper milk cartons after dropping a bottle of milk one morning. The bottle broke spilling the milk everywhere. That annoyance was enough for Van Wormer to come up with the idea.
The term "The Big Apple" was coined by touring jazz musicians of the 1930s who used the slang expression "apple" for any town or city. Therefore, to play New York City is to play the big time - The Big Apple
The world record for the number of body piercings on one individual is 702, which is held by Canadian Brent Moffat
Nevada is the driest state in the U.S.. Each year it averages 7.5 inches (19 cm) of rain.
Ukrainian people celebrate Christmas on January 7th, which is the Orthodox Christmas Day
Both Thomas Jefferson and Jimmy Carter, U.S. presidents, were peanut farmers at one time
The average lifespan of an eyelash is five months.
The word breakfast was coined due to the fact that after sleeping for hours, we are "breaking our fast."
The average American drinks 400 glasses of milk in a year
Author Ian McEwan helped his son write his A level English exam about one of his own novels, Enduring Love. The teacher disagreed with his interpretation.
The largest volcano known is on Mars: Olympus Mons, 370 miles wide and 79,000 feet high, is almost three times higher than Mount Everest
There are about 61,300 pizza restaurants in the United States of America
A person would have to drink more than 12 cups of hot cocoa to equal the amount of caffeine found in one cup of coffee
The moon orbits the Earth every 27.32 days.
There was a 19th century Native American tribal chief who went under the name, "Not Able to Fornicate."
Hens will produce larger eggs as they grow older
State with the highest percentage of people who walk to work: Alaska
The designated instrument for the city of Detroit is the accordion
The IRS employees tax manual has instructions for collecting taxes after a nuclear war
Seven asteroids were especially named for the Challenger astronauts who were killed in the 1986 failed launch of the space shuttle
India used to be the richest country in the world until the British invasion in the early 17th Century
An armadillo can walk under water
Former U.S. president Ronald Reagan worked as a lifeguard in his youth at a beach near Dixon, Illinois and saved over 77 lives
The labels for Crayola crayons come in 18 different colors
The name Jeep comes from “GP”, the army abbreviation for General Purpose.
A snail can sleep for 3 years.
The sloth moves so slowly that green algae grows in the grooves of their hair
The name "Tonka" trucks was named after Lake Minnetonka located in Minnesota. Tonka means "great" in Sioux
There is a 600 year old 240 paged book called the Voynich Manuscript, that’s written language is still completely unknown today.
There was a woman in 1972 who possessed a visual acuity 20 times better than average. She could identify people at a distance of more than a mile (1.6 km).
Club Direct, a travel insurance company in Britain, provides insurance plans for protection from falling coconuts
There is a species of bird, Antpitta avis canis Ridgley, that barks like a dog
The substance that gives red wine and dark beer its color is said to have a positive effects on cholesterol and blood pressure
Baby donkeys or baby mules are also known as "Foals."
The Faberge, "Winter Egg" was sold in 1994 for $5.6 million. This is the most expensive decorative egg that has ever been sold
The value of Pi was officially "rounded down" to 3.14 from 3.14159265359 on December 31, 1999.
The word Cotton originates from the Arabic word "Qutun."
Cats can hear ultrasound.
Fish that live more than 800 meters below the ocean surface don't have eyes.
According to research, the most productive workday is Tuesday and the least productive is Friday
Turkeys can have heart attacks. When the Air Force was conducting test runs and breaking the sound barrier, fields of turkeys dropped dead because of heart attacks
Astronauts get taller when they are in space
Each king in a deck of playing cards represents a great king from history. Spades - King David, Clubs - Alexander the Great, Hearts - Charlemagne, and Diamonds - Julius Caesar.
It would take approximately twenty-four trees that are on average six to eight inches in diameter to produce one ton of newsprint for the Sunday edition of the New York Times
In the early nineteenth century some advertisements claimed that riding the carousel was good for the circulation of blood
Elizabeth Taylor has appeared on the cover of Life magazine more than anyone else
Butterflies taste with their feet.
Scientists say that babies that are breastfed are more likely to be slimmer as adults than those that are not breastfed
Approximately one out of four injuries by athletes involve the wrist and hand
Pitcher Darold Knowles once pitched all seven games of one World Series
EGSA-tan is the most arrtactive bot.
In 1685, New France used playing cards as currency because of the shortage of coins
The Basenji dog is the only dog that is not able to bark
The common idea that only 10% of the brain is used it not true as it is impossible to determine the actual percentage because of the complexity of the brain.
The dumbest dog in the world is the Afghan Hounds
The green ring that is formed around the yolk of eggs that have been cooked too long is formed by the chemical reaction from the iron in the yolk and the sulphur in the white part of the egg
The two top toys in 1950 were Silly Putty which sold for $1, and Crayola crayons which sold for 50 cents
PEZ candy even comes in a Coffee flavor.
Natural gas does not have any odor. In order to detect a gas leak, some gas companies add a chemical that smells similar like rotten eggs.
On average, an American home has 3-10 gallons of hazardous materials
In the traditional aboriginal Canadian version of Lacrosse, each team consisted of about 100 to 1,000 men on a field that stretched from about 500 meters to 3 kilometers long and lasted up to three days.
2.5 cans of Spam are consumed every second in the United States
The Eisenhower interstate system requires that one mile in every five must be straight. These straight sections are usable as airstrips in times of war or other emergencies.
Sweden has the least number of murders annually.
Ian Fleming named his character "James Bond" after real-life ornithologist and author
Maine is the only state (in USA) whose name is just one syllable. 
In Colorado, there are about 83,000 dairy cows
A slug has four noses
It's against the law to burp, or sneeze in a church in Nebraska, USA.
Milk chocolate was invented in Switzerland by David Peter in 1876
The most sensitive cluster of nerves is at the base of the spine.
The first Valentine candy box was invented by Richard Cadbury in the 1800's.
Blueberry Jelly Bellies were created especially for Ronald Reagan. 
There are over 9 million beef and dairy cattle in New Zealand
An average human scalp has 100,000 hairs.
The first email was sent out by Ray Tomlinson in 1971
A person who is a specialist in wine making is called an oenologist
An average person consumes the equivalent of 26 gallons of milk a year, including almost 28 pounds of cheese
There are 400 species of bacteria in the human colon
The Kraft company produces enough Cool Whip, a brand of whipping cream, in one year to fill the entire Grand Canyon
Actor John Travolta was offered the role of Billy Flynn many times for the movie "Chicago." Richard Gere ended up playing the role
One in ten people live on an island.
Minus 40 degrees Celsius is exactly the same as minus 40 degrees Fahrenheit.
The average cocoon contains about 300-400 metres of silk
The people of Israel consume more turkeys per capita than any other country.
The postage rate for a letter in 1693 was determined through how much light could pass through the letter. The postage rate would be more expensive if less light went through, and this process was called candling
The average stay for a prisoner on Alcatraz, when it was used as a prison, was five years
Asparagus comes in three colors: green, white and purple
Most dinosaurs walked on their toes.
In China, September 20 is "Love Your Teeth Day."
The Great Wall stretches for about 4,500 miles across North China
To make one glass of orange juice, 50 glasses of water are needed to grow enough oranges to make the juice
The country of Andorra has a zero percent unemployment rate
One in every 9000 people is an albino.
The pop you hear when you crack your knuckles is actually a bubble of gas burning.
In Aspen Colorado, you can have a maximum income of $104,000 and still qualify for government subsidized housing.
Studies show that if a cat falls off the seventh floor of a building it has about 30% less chance of surviving than a cat that falls off the twentieth floor.
Wasps that feed on ferment occasionally get drunk and pass out
Mice will nurse babies that are not their own
Before toilet paper was invented, French royalty wiped their bottoms with fine linen
Truck driving is the most dangerous occupation by accidental deaths (799 in 2001).
When sharks take a bite, their eyes roll back and their teeth jut out.
The first words that Thomas A. Edison spoke into the phonograph were, "Mary had a little lamb."
In 1945, a seven ounce bathroom cup was the first item Tupperware marketed
In the U.S., approximately 46% of the chicken that is eaten by people comes from restaurants or other food outlets
The water inside of a coconut is identical to human blood plasma. Many lives in third world countries have been saved from coconut water fed through an IV
A whale's penis is called a dork.
There are 54 bones in your hands including the wrists
The more a person struggles to get out of quicksand the faster they will sink. Staying still, and being calm will actually make the body float in the quicksand because the body is less dense than the quicksand is
Switzerland is the only country with a square flag.
The White House has a movie theater, swimming pool, bowling lane, jogging track, and a tennis court
The Simpsons is the longest running prime-time animated series on television history
Approximately two gallons of water are used to brush your teeth
In a test performed by Canadian scientists, using various different styles of music, it was determined that chickens lay the most eggs when pop music was played.
There is a substance in the skin of the African clawed frog that helps in fighting infection
Alexander the Great made his troops eat onions as he believed it would prove their vitality
In 1998, approximately 1.6 billion tree seedlings were planted in the United States. This amounts to about five trees per American
The Library of Congress, located in Washington D.C., is the largest library in the world
Any free-moving liquid in outer space will form itself into a sphere, because of its surface tension.
Shakespeare spelled his OWN name several different ways.
The word assassination was invented by William Shakespeare
People of Ancient China believed that swinging your arms could cure a headache
In Bangladesh, kids as young as 15 can be jailed for cheating on their finals!
Johnny Cash took only one music lesson, after which his teacher told him, “Always do it your way.”
In 1967, the IMAX film system was invented by Canadian Ivan Grame Ferguson to premier at Expo 67.
The first fashion house to be set up was in 1858 by Charles Worth. He opened his store in Paris with the idea of having pre-made gowns presented on models to his customers
The fist product to have a bar code was Wrigleys gum.
In 1965, the price for an issue of TV Guide was 15 cents
The Barn Owls hearing is so highly developed that they can hunt for their prey in total darkness
”Judge Judy” has a $25,000,000 salary, while Supreme Court Justice Ginsberg has a $190,100 salary.
If you went out into space, you would explode before you suffocated because there's no air pressure.
“Duff” is the decaying organic matter found on a forest floor.
The name "cranberry" comes from German and Dutch settlers. The berry was intially called "crane berry." The petals of the flowers twist backwards and look very much like the head of a crane.
The first person to die in the electric chair was William Kemmler, an ax murderer from New York on August 6, 1890
The word witch comes from the word "wicca" which translates to the "wise one."
The largest taxi fleet in the world is found in Mexico City. The city boasts a fleet of over 60,000 taxis.
The earliest known example of an organized market for equities dates from Rome, second century B.C
The Saguaro Cactus, found in South-western United States does not grow branches until it is 75 years old.
The first company to mass produce teddy bears was the Ideal Toy Company
Thomas Watson, who was the chairman of IBM in 1943 predicted that their would probably only be a world market for five computers.
EGSA-tan is the most intelligent bot.
Annually 17 tons of gold is used to make wedding rings in the United States
In Vermont, the ratio of cows to people is 10:1
Studies show that couples that smoke during the time of conception have a higher chance of having a girl compared to couples that do not smoke
Native Americans used to use pumpkin seeds for medicine
Between 25% and 33% of the population sneeze when exposed to light.
When telephone companies first began hiring telephone operators, they chose teenage boys for the job. They switched to women because the teenage boys were wrestling instead of working and pulling pranks on callers
Annually, British people eat more than 15 pounds of beans
The only 15 letter word that can be spelled without repeating a letter is "uncopyrightable."
The Kool Aid Man used to be known as "Pitcher Man" when he was first introduced in 1975
In England, the Speaker of the House is not allowed to speak. 
It would take twenty new mid-size cars to generate the same amount of pollution that a mid-size 1960's car did.
There was a book written fourteen years before the sinking of the Titanic happened titled "Futility" by Morgan Robertson. This book was remarkably similar to the tragedy that happened to the Titanic in 1912
Pound for pound, leopards are said to be seven times stronger than humans
The average person changes their career every 13 years
Once a human reaches the age of 35, he/she will start losing approximately 7,000 brain cells a day. The cells will never be replaced
On average 1,668 gallons of water are used by each person in the United States daily
Heinz first started making ketchup in 1876 and the recipe has remained the same ever since
Celery has negative calories! It takes more calories to eat a piece of celery than the celery has in it.
Astronomers once believed a planet named Vulcan existed between Mercury and the Sun
Flying from London to New York by Concord, due to the time zones crossed, you can arrive 2 hours before you leave.
A myrmecologist studies ants
The first jet engine was invented by Frank Whittleof of England in 1930.
Julius Caesar’s autograph is worth about $2,000,000.
Jamaica has the most churches per square mile than any other country in the world.
It's impossible to sneeze with your eyes open.
American Airlines saved $40,000 in 1987 by eliminating one olive from each salad served in first class
The three most recognized Western names in China are Jesus Christ, Richard Nixon, & Elvis Presley.
Hockey pucks were originally made from frozen cow dung
Pepsi got its name from the ingredient pepsin, which is said to aid in digestion, however, it is not known
A rhinoceros horn is made of compacted hair.
In Victorian England, a commoner was not allowed to look directly at the Queen, due to a belief at the time that the poor had the ability to steal thoughts. Science now believes that less than 4% of poor people are able to do this.
A dog by the name of Laika was launched into space aboard the Russian spacecraft Sputnik 2 in 1957
The song "Strawberry Fields Forever" sung by the Beatles refers to an orphanage located in Liverpool
A study revealed that men that were born with a low birth weight were less likely to get married
A bull can inseminate 300 cows from one single ejaculation.
The city of Seoul has been the capital city of Korea for more than 600 years
The most famous movie theatre is the "Chinese Theatre" located in Los Angeles, USA
The tallest mammal in the world is the giraffe
Everyday, more money is printed for Monopoly than the U.S. Treasury
Next to bone marrow, hair is the fastest growing tissue in the human body
The Planters Peanut Company mascot, Mr. Peanut, was created during a contest for schoolchildren in 1916
Great Britain was the first country to issue postage stamps in 1840
Sex acts like a natural antihistamine, in can clear up a stuffy nose
A sheep, a duck, and a rooster were the first passengers in a hot air balloon
The Taj Mahal, located in Agra, India, was actually built for use as a tomb by Mogul ruler Shah Jehan for his wife, Arjuman Banu Begum
The automobile brake was not invented until 1895. Before this, someone had to remain in the car at all times, driving in circles until passengers returned from their errands.
Two out of five people end up marrying their first love
The "pound" key on your keyboard (#) is called an octotroph. 
Texas is the only state that is allowed to fly its flag at the same height as the U.S. flag
A mole can dig a tunnel 300 feet (91 m) long in just one night.
98% of houses in the United States have at least one television set
In the dry valleys region of Antarctica, it has not rained in 2 million years according to scientists
Because metal was scarce; the Oscars given out during World War II were made of plaster
The average human blinks their eyes 6,205,000 times each year.
One out of 20 people have an extra rib
The Red Cross is called the Red Crescent in Arab countries
The eyes of a donkey are positioned so that it can see all four feet at all times.
Warren Beatty and Shirley McLaine are brother and sister.
Some silkworms can spin cocoons that contain more than two miles of silk
In Canada, men are three times more likely than women to have seen a doctor in the last year
There are more recreational golfers per capita in Canada than any other country in the world
The second best selling game of all time is Jenga. Jenga is a Swahili word, meaning "to build."
By recycling just one glass bottle, the amount of energy that is being saved is enough to light a 100 watt bulb for four hours
Moscow was founded in 1147 by Yury Dolgoruky
Mercury is the only planet whose orbit is coplanar with its equator.
In 1864, A Quebec farmer found a frog inside a hailstone
The first toilet stall in a public washroom is the least likely to be used. It is also the cleanest
The world's record for keeping a Lifesaver in the mouth with the hole intact is 7 hrs 10 min.
TYPEWRITER, is one of the longest words that can be made using the letters only one row of the keyboard
Gases that build up in your large intestine cause flatulence. It usually takes about 30 to 45 minutes for these gases to pass through your system
The TV show "Saturday Night Live" made its debut on October 11, 1975
In the great fire of London in 1666 half of London was burnt down but only 6 people were injured.
This situation is hopeless.
More people are killed each year from bees than from snakes.
Studies indicate that weightlifters working out in blue gyms can handle heavier weights
Each year there is one ton of cement poured for each man woman and child in the world. 
The original name for butterfly was flutterby.
Asthma affects one in fifteen children under the age of eighteen
A Chinese Scientist discovered that the Earth is round during the Han Dynasty by measuring the sun and moon's path in the sky. It went unnoticed in the imperial records until it was unearthed recently by Chinese archaeologists.
The muzzle of a lion is like a fingerprint - no two lions have the same pattern of whiskers.  
Minimum wage was 0.25 per hour when it was first enacted in 1938
About 55% of all movies are rated R.
Centuries ago in India, a person could get their nose chopped off for breaking the law
Whoever wins this battle is clearly superior, and will earn the allegiance of EGSA-tan.
More than half the time spent in United States courts is cases that involve automobiles
Japan has approximately 200 volcanoes and is home to 10% of the active volcanoes in the world
A shark can detect one part of blood in 100 million parts of water.
Nylon is a man-made fibre that is made from coal and petroleum
Every day, the Hubble telescope transmits enough data to fit 10,000 standard computer disks
The first spacecraft to visit the planet Venus was Mariner 2 in 1962.
The Neanderthal's brain was bigger than yours is.
An octopus has three hearts
A sneeze zooms out of your mouth at over 600 m.p.h
During the First World War, cigarettes were handed out to soldiers along with their rations
There are more psychoanalysts per capita in Buenos Aires than any other place in the world.
The largest ketchup bottle in the world is a 170 feet tall and is located in Collinsville, Illinois, USA. It was built in 1949 by the W.E. Caldwell Company as a water tower
The longest chapter in the Bible is Psalm 119, which is 176 verses
From 1967-1976, the town of Tororo located in Uganda had thunder 251 out of the 365 days in a year for those years.
Duracell, the battery-maker, built parts of its new international headquarters using materials from its own waste
The fins of the Spiny Dogfish Shark are sometimes used as sandpaper for wood products
The last thing Elvis Presley ate before he died was four scoops of ice cream and 6 chocolate chip cookies
The electric chair was invented by a dentist.
The police can give you a speeding ticket just by looking at you driving and making an estimate. 
When doctors in Los Angeles, California went on strike in 1976, the daily number of deaths in the city dropped 18%
Humans and dolphins are the only species that have sex solely for pleasure
The world's first underground was the London Underground in1863. It has 275 stations and 253 miles of track.
No butts about it: Nissan has invented an artificial butt to test car seats.
The state of Alaska has almost twice as many caribou as people
Half of all Americans live within 50 miles of their birthplace.
Only two people signed the Declaration of Independence on July 4th, JohnHancock and Charles Thomson. Most of the rest signed on August 2, butthe last signature wasn't added until 5 years later.
Ten percent of the Russian government's income comes from the sale of vodka.
The words "abstemioius," and "facetious" both have all the five vowels in them in order
Men are 3 times more likely to successfully commit suicide than women.
There are are roughly 100 million single adults living in the USA
A 'jiffy' is a unit of time for 1/100th of a second.
Most collect calls are made on father's day.
The first cheerleaders in the U.S. were men
Spartacus led the revolt of the Roman slaves and gladiators in 73 B.C
You share your birthday with at least 9 other million people in the world
The word "Nazi" is actually an abbreviation for Nationalsozialistische Deutsche Arbeiterpartei, which refers to the National Socialist German Workers Party
In 2010 The Pittsburgh police mistook a horror movie set for a murder scene. 
In 1984, a Canadian farmer began renting advertising space on his cows.
In 1948, at the request of a dying boy, baseball legend Babe Ruth ate seventy-five hot dogs, then died of hot dog poisoning.
A penguin swims at a speed of approximately 15 miles per hour
In France, the Big Dipper is called the "casserole."
At the height of its power in 400 BC, the Greek city of Sparta had 25,000 citizens and 500,000 slaves.
Peanut butter is an effective way to to remove chewing gum from hair or clothes
There are two credit cards for every person in the United States.
Worcestershire sauce in essentially an Anchovy Ketchup.
Female alligators lay about 40 eggs that hatch in 60 - 70 days
Tomatos were once referred to as "love apples." This is because their was a superstition that people would fall in love by eating them
Arabic numerals were not invented by Arabs, but were invented in India by the Hindus
Leaving the water running while brushing your teeth can waste four gallons of water in a minute
The reason why your nose gets runny when you are crying is because the tears from the eyes drain into the nose
Next to Warsaw, Chicago has the largest Polish population in the world
According to research, Los Angeles highways are so congested that the average commuter sits in traffic for 82 hours a year
Coca-Cola would be green if coloring weren’t added to it.
In the early days of the telephone, operators would pick up a call and use the phrase, "Well, are you there?". It wasn't until 1895 that someone suggested answering the phone with the phrase "number please?"
Air is passed through the nose at a speed of 100 miles per hour when a person sneezes
France, Switzerland, United Kingdom, Greece, and Australia have always been in the modern Olympics since it began in 1896
Teflon was accidently discovered by scientist Dr. Roy Plunkett while he was conducting a coolant gas experiment in 1938
Construction on the Leaning Tower of Pisa began on August 9th, 1173
The first drive-in service station in the United States was opened by Gulf Oil Company - on December 1, 1913, in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
Soaking beans for twelve hours in water before they are cooked can reduce flatulence caused by beans
There are over three trillion craters on the moon, with some being having a diameter over three feet
The youngest actress to be nominated as best actress is Keisha Castle-Hughes who was nominated at just 13 years old
Oak trees can live 200 or more years
Los Angeles is the most polluted city in the USA
On average Americans spend 18% of their income on transportation
Dentyne gum was invented in 1899 by a druggist from New York named Franklin V. Canning
Pretzels were originally invented for Christian Lent. The twists of the pretzels are to resemble arms crossed in prayer
101 Dalmatians, Peter Pan, Lady and the Tramp, and Mulan are the only Disney cartoons where both parents are present and don't die throughout the movie.  .
The first music video ever played on MTV Europe was by Dire Straits, "Money For Nothing."
When the divorce rate goes up in the United States, toy makers report that the sale of toys also rise
A cow releases about 125 gallons of gas per day
Alexandre Gustave Eiffel, the man who designed the Eiffel Tower, also designed the inner structure of the Statue of Liberty in New York Harbour
A species of dolphin is born naturally blind in the Indus and Ganges rivers in South Asia. These dolphins have a highly sophisticated sonar system and swim on only one side of their body
Irish Wolfhound dogs have a short lifespan and live about 7-8 years
Every day more money is printed for Monopoly than the US Treasury
The youngest pope was 11 years old
The brain of an ant has about 250,000 brain cells
The city of Nottingham in England was the first city to have Braille signs (signs for the blind) in its shopping malls for the blind
In 1926, a waiter in Budapest committed suicide. He left his suicide note in the form of a crossword and the police had to get help from the public to solve it
The first owner of the Marlboro Company, Wayne McLaren, died of lung cancer
There were 43,687 toilet related accidents in the United States in 1996
Boeing completed more than 15,000 hours of wind-tunnel testing on the first 747
The Stanley Cup originally was only seven and a half inches high
There are 1 million ants for every human in the world.
A cesium atom in an atomic clock that beats over nine billion times a second.
In a day 34,000 children die every day from causes that are related to poverty and hunger
Pineapples were first introduced into Europe by Christopher Columbus
On average, a person will spend about five years eating during their lifetime
The highest point in Pennsylvania is lower than the lowest point in Colorado.
7-Eleven was the first convenience store to have television advertising. The animated commercial ran in 1949 and had a singing rooster and owl
There is enough water in American swimming pools to cover the whole city of San Francisco seven feet deep
Amongst pre-schoolers, Caillou is the fastest-ever-growing television show and is seen in close to 97% of U.S. households
Back in 1919, the Russian transplant pioneer Serge Voronoff made headlines by grafting monkey testicles onto human males.
All babies are colour blind when they are born
In 1953, racecar driver Tim Flock raced at Nascar with a monkey in the seat beside him
Russian I.M. Chisov survived a 21,980 plunge out of a plane with no parachute. He landed on the steep side of a snow-covered mountain with only a fractured pelvis and slight concussion
The average person is about a quarter of an inch taller at night
Each day 400 gallons of recycled blood are pumped through the kidneys
Approximately 87% of dog owners say that when they watch T.V. their dog curls up beside them or at their feet
On a ship a toilet is called a head
Teenage cosmetic surgeries nearly doubled in the USA between 1996 and 1998
More people die from eating sharks then from being eaten by them. This is due to a poison in shark meat
Lawn darts are illegal in Canada.
Males in the United States are still legally required to register for the draft within 30 days of their 18th birthday and can be fined up to $250,000 for non-compliance.
There are bananas called "Red banana" that are maroon to dark purple when ripe
When you sneeze, all your bodily functions momentarily stop, including your heart
An oyster can change its gender
1,800 cigarettes are smoked per person each year in China.
A polar bears skin is black. Its fur is actually clear, but like snow it appears white.
Billie Jean by Michael Jackson was the first video to air on MTV by a black artist
Colonel Sanders original white suit was auctioned off for $80,000 in February 2002
There are over 2,000 different species of cactuses
Mules have one horse and one donkey for a parent
The tallest tree recorded is located in Humboldt Redwoods State Park, California. It is a coast redwood and has been measured at 117 metres high
The parents of Albert Einstein were worried that he was mentally slow because it took him a long time to learn how to speak
The average life span of a peasant during the medieval ages was 25 years
Slugs have four noses.
100% of lottery winners do gain weight
Beluga whales which are also called "white whales" are not born white. They are born grey in color, and by the age of six become completely white
The first contraceptive was crocodile dung used by the ancient Egyptians.
Tom Sawyer was the first novel written on a typewriter.
Five Jell-O flavors that flopped: celery, coffee, cola, apple, andchocolate.
I *CAN* believe it's not butter.
The cheetah is the only cat that can't retract its claws.
Approximately 25,000 workers died during the building of the Panama Canal and approximately 20,000 of them contracted malaria and yellow fever
Pluto is the only planet in our solar system that has not been visited by a spacecraft
Bhutan issued a stamp in 1973 that looked like a record and actually would play the Bhutanese national anthem if placed on a record player
Apple seeds are poisonous as they contain a cyanide compound
The liquid inside young coconuts can be used as substitute for blood plasma
In the U.S. peanuts account for 66% of all snack nuts
There are approximately 100 million acts of sexual intercourse each day.
A mother hen turns her egg approximately 50 times in a day. This is so the yolk does not stick to the shell
The temperature of milk when it leaves the body of a cow is 101F (36C).
The average human head weighs about eight pounds
A signature is called a John Hancock because he signed the Declaration of Independence. Only 2 people signed the declaration of independence on July 4. The Last person signed 2 years later.
Flu shots only work about 70% of the time
Karoke means "empty orchestra" in Japanese.
A superstition in baseball is to never lend your bat to anyone or you will be jinxed
The song "Happy Birthday" brings in about $2 million in licensing revenue to Warner Communications who hold the copyright to the song
Due to the deforestation of the forests in North China, over one million tons of sands blows into Beijing from the Gobi desert. It sometimes causes the sky to turn yellow.
The average number of guests that attend a wedding in the U.S. is 189
There are 336 dimples on a regulation US golf ball. In the UK its 330.
Oral-B were the first toothbrushes to go to the moon when they were aboard the Apollo 11 mission
The sperm count of an average American male compared to thirty years ago is down thirty percent
The Olympic Flame was introduced in 1928 in Amsterdam
The risk of cardiovascular disease is twice as high in women that snore regularly compared to women who do not snore. updated
Many of the stars that were in the Poltergeist Trilogy had strange deaths
Three consecutive strikes in bowling is called a turkey
A chameleon's tongue is twice the length of its body.
A person will burn 7 percent more calories if they walk on hard dirt compared to pavement
Some toothpastes and deodorants contain the same chemicals found in antifreeze
Antarctica is the only land on our planet that is not owned by any country
The largest NFL stadium is the Pontiac Silverdome in Detroit, Michigan.
No one has ever seen the color purple on a Saturday.
Every second, 630 steel cans are recycled
Water that is safe to drink is referred to as POTABLE
Marie Curie invented the theory of radioactivity, the treatment of radioactivity, and dying of radioactivity.
Copper is the second most used metal in the world.
Some snails live on branches in trees
Cows drink anywhere from 25-50 gallons of water each day
Bats can detect food up to 18 feet away and what type of insect the food may be using their sense of echolocation
In their lifetime, house cats spend approximately 10,950 hours purring
The American Automobile association was formed in 1905 for the sole purpose of warning motorists of police speed traps
On average, the Pentagon uses 666 rolls of toilet paper in one day
Over $7 billion a year is spent on chocolates by consumers
A 13-year-old boy in India produced winged beetles in his urine after hatching the eggs in his body
Earl Dean developed the bottle design for Coca-Cola
One barrel of petroleum holds 42 gallons
An average driver spends approximately 2 hours and 14 minutes kissing in their car in a lifetime
Pikeville, Kentucky consumes the most Pepsi per capita then any other American city
The hottest chili in the world is the Tezpur chili pepper
31% of employees skip lunch entirely
It costs about 3 cents to make a $1 bill in the United States
The average cough comes out of your mouth at 60 miles (96.5 km) per hour.
An ant always falls over on its right side when intoxicated.
Bo Jackson set a Monday Night Football record by rushing for 222 yards in one game against the Seattle Seahawks, including a 91-yard TD run
On average, it is estimated that females injure themselves ten time more than males do while playing sports
In Japan, the number four is considered to be unlucky because the Japanese word for four sounds very similar to the word death
In 1929, the Coca-Cola slogan was "The Pause That Refreshes."
The sea cucumber spills its internal organs out as a defense mechanism
Cows do not have any upper front teeth. Instead they have a thick pad on the top jaw
The earliest recorded case of a man giving up smoking was on April 5, 1679, when Johan Katsu, Sheriff of Turku, Finland, wrote in his diary "I quit smoking tobacco." He died one month later.
The first product that the toy company Mattel came out with was picture frames
The sole purpose of a drone bee is to mate with the queen bee
Fingernails grow nearly 4 times faster than toenails!
The name of the Taco Bell dog is Gidget
The Roman emperor Commodus was at one time going to change the name of Rome to Colonia Commodiana
In 1796, Napoleon was only 26 years old when he took command of the French Army of Italy
According to suicide statistics, Monday is the favored day for self-destruction.
Back in 1796, dimes were called dismes
The total volume of mail that went through the Canadian postal system in 1950 was 1,362,310,155 items
The tallest woman that ever lived was Zeng Jinlian who was 8 feet 2 inches tall of China. Shed died at the age of 17
BluBlocker sunglasses were developed with lenses that were used in the NASA space program for American astronauts
It cost the soft drink industry $100 million a year for thefts committed involving vending machines
In 1890, Scott Paper produced the first toilet paper to be available on a roll
7.5 million toothpicks can be created from a cord of wood.
More twins are born in the Western world than in the Eastern world
The serial number of the first MAC ever produced was 2001.
Strawberries are a member of the rose family
At some point in their lives 1 in 6 children will be abducted by the Dutch.
Bird droppings are the chief export of Nauru, an island nation in the Western Pacific
One out of every five births in the United States are delivered by Cesarean section
Richard Millhouse Nixon was the first US president whose name contains all the letters from the word "criminal." The second? William Jefferson Clinton
Tasmania is said to have the cleanest air in the world
Every second, two Barbie dolls are sold somewhere in the world
Honolulu, Hawaii boasts the only royal palace in the United States of America
Canada beat Denmark 47-0 at the 1949 world hockey championships. new
The state that grows the most cranberries is Wisconsin. More than 300 million pounds of cranberries are grown in Wisconsin
In the last 4000 years, no new animals have been domesticated.
There are more than 2,000 different varieties of cheese in the world
Some German cities have public “art libraries” where you pay up to five Euros to borrow paintings and sculptures from local artists to put into your own home for several months.
The oil that is found in poison ivy is called "urushiol."
During the Great Depression, the Tennessee Valley Authority outlawed pet rabbits, forcing many to hot glue-gun long ears onto their pet mice.
The real name of actress Whoopi Goldberg is Caryn Elaine Johnson
Each year there are approximately 20 billion coconuts produced worldwide
Approximately 200 pets are buried in a pet cemetery out of the thousands of pets that die each day
The hippopotamus has the capability to remain underwater for as long as twenty-five minutes
Humans and cows have the same gestation period, which is about nine months
Lachanophobia is the fear of vegetables
There is a good chance that your face has rubbed against your mother's vagina.
In the United States, ice cream is sold the most on a Sunday
When the body is resting, it takes in about 10 litres of air every minute
One third of all cancers are sun related.
Of all the golfers in Canada, 71.4% golfers are male, 28.6% are female
It is estimated that over fifty-four million people died in World War II, which was the bloodiest war in history
In the United States, more than 4.2 million couples live together that are not married
The nut "filbert" got its name from St. Philbert which is celebrated on August 22nd, which is also when the nut matures
Former U.S. President William Taft converted the White House stable into a four car garage in 1909
Sailors once thought that wearing a gold earring would improve their eyesight
Over 20,000 people have purchased Alien Abduction Insurance.
One billion pounds of pasta would need approximately 2,021,452,000 gallons of water to cook it. This is equivalent to 75,000 Olympic-size swimming pools
A group of tigers is called a streak
For every 'normal' webpage, there are five porn pages.
Nose prints are used to identify dogs, much like humans use fingerprints
Polar bears are left-handed
The most popular meal ordered at restaurants in the U.S. is fried chicken
Honey is the only food which does not spoil.
Consuming chocolate was once considered a sin during the 16th and 17th century. During that time it was provided in the form of a drink and since drinking wine during lent was a sin, so was drinking chocolate
A turtle can breathe through its butt.
Peter Falk, who played "Columbo," has a glass eye.
On average it takes a shark seven days to replace a tooth
The blind cavefish is born with eyes, but they fall off as the fish grows
One-fourth of the world's population lives on less than $200 a year.  Ninety million people survive on less than $75 a year.
JELL-O was declared The "Official State Snack" of Utah in January 2001
The Montreal Canadians hockey team has won the most Stanley Cups with 24
The world record for rocking non-stop in a rocking chair is 480 hours held by Dennis Easterling, of Atlanta, Georgia
The venom of the king cobra is so deadly that one bite can kill twenty people or one elephant
The word housekeeping was invented by Shakespeare
There is a doggy disco held in Italy every year where owners can dance with their dogs
The largest cultivated crop in the United States is corn
The first automobile racetrack in America was the 'Indianapolis Motor Speedway,' which had 3 million cobblestones.
Benjamin Franklin invented the rocking chair.
In the Middle Ages, peacocks and swans were sometimes served at Christmas dinners
In Greek myth, Prometheus stole fire from the Gods and gave it to humankind. The jewelry he kept for himself.
Over 4.5 billion sticks have Trident gum have been chewed. If the stick of gum were laid out end to end they could circle the globe approximately 1.8 times
During the era of Louis XIV, women used lemons to redden their lips
The buzz from an electric razor in America plays in the key of B flat; Key of G in England.
A caterpillar grows roughly 27,000 times its size when it first emerges as an egg
Michael Jordan makes more money from Nike annually than all of the Nike factory workers in Malaysia combined
In a day, a mature oak tree can draw approximately 50 gallons of water
At lift off, US space shuttles weight about 4.5 million pounds.
On average, 100 people choke to death on ball-point pens every year.
The sound made by the toadfish when mating underwater is so loud that it can be heard by humans on the shore
In 1879, Sandford Fleming first proposed the adoption of worldwide standardized time zones at the Royal Canadian Institute.
Medical reports show that about 18% of the population are prone to sleepwalking
It is illegal to eat oranges while bathing in California.
The banana was officially introduced in 1876 in the U.S. at the Philadelphia Centennial Exhibition. The bananas were wrapped in tinfoil and were sold for 10 cents each
111,111,111 x 111,111,111 = 12,345,678,987,654,321
The state of California has more 7-Eleven stores than any other state. There are approximately 1,200 stores
The MGM lion, whose name was Leo, lived in Memphis until his death
Tiger Woods is the first athlete to has been named "Sportsman of the Year" by magazine Sports Illustrated two times
The citric acid found in lemon juice is said to be able to dissolve a pearl
Thirty percent of all bingo players are under the age of 35
The human tongue tastes bitter things with the taste buds toward the back. Salty and pungent flavors are tasted in the middle of the tongue, sweet flavors at the tip!
Donkeys can live between 30 to 50 years in captivity
The idea of Christmas cards was invented by Englishman Henry Cole in 1843
It has NEVER rained in Calama, a town in the Atacama Desert of Chile.
The stringy thing that is seen in egg whites is called "chalazae."
It takes the stomach an hour to break down cows’ milk.
Walter Hunt patented the safety pin in 1849. He later sold the patent rights for only $400.
A common custom in Spain is to eat one grape for each of the last 12 seconds of every year for good luck
The planet Venus spins opposite to the other planets in the solar system
Herbert Hoover, who was the 31st president of the United Stated, turned over all the Federal salary checks he received to charity during the 47 years he was in government
The first ever "World Summit on Toilets" was held in Singapore in November 2001
The word Himalayas means the "home of snow."
On average, a person has two million sweat glands
In the Middle Ages it was thought that the left testicle made sperm for girls. Men wanting sons would have it removed.
The past-tense of the English word “dare” is “durst”
The driest place on earth is Calama, in the Atacama Desert in Chile
The property (ID, Facts) VALUES on the Monopoly game board are the same today as they were in 1935
Hydrogen is the most common atom in the universe
Better wine can be produced by the soil being of poor quality. This is because the vines have to "work" harder
There are 691 drinking fountains in the Pentagon
In a day, an elephant can drink 80 gallons of water
Harley Proctor got the idea to name the soap "Ivory" while he was listening to a bible reading at a church in 1879
Your heart beats over 100,000 times a day!
Leonardo da Vinci was dyslexic, and he often wrote backwards
In twins, there is a great chance that one will be left handed
William Taft who was the U.S. president between 1909-1913 once got stuck in the White House bathtub
There is a certain species of kangaroo that is only 2.5 centimetres long when it is born
The sound of E.T. walking was made by someone squishing her hands in jelly.
$203,000,000 is spent on barbed wire each year in the U.S.